Sunny Savita: Hello, everyone. I'm audible.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, good evening to all of you. Guys, we'll start, within 3 minutes, okay?
Sunny Savita: So let everyone join. People are still joining. We'll start the class within 3 minutes. I'm putting a timer, yeah. Good evening.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so let's start with the class, let's start with the session.
Sunny Savita: I hope I am audible to all of you. Can you please confirm in the chat?
Sunny Savita: If you can hear me, then?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, please, give me quick confirmation in the chat if you can hear me, if I am visible and audible to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. Perfect.
Sunny Savita: So, let's begin.
Sunny Savita: Let's start.
Sunny Savita: Just… just give me a moment, guys, okay? Just give me a moment.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay.
Sunny Savita: So, in the previous class, guys, we were talking about the embedding. So, have you seen my previous, class? Have you attended the previous session?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So, how many of you, you attended my previous class?
Sunny Savita: I think, most of you, right? So, 95% people, even more than that.
Sunny Savita: Or they have attended my previous session.
Sunny Savita: So, this is your dashboard, guys. If you have joined this course first time, if you are the new joine, please check out with the dashboard. Live class recording.
Sunny Savita: Live class recording, actually, you will get under the, live session, okay?
Sunny Savita: So whatever live classes we took so far, all the recordings are available over here. So you can watch out all the recordings, you can even download all the resources and all.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, where, you will get all the resources, guys? So, I am maintaining one GitHub repository. The repository name is this Full Stack GenAI Bootcamp 1.0.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, you can download all the required resources from this particular GitHub repository. And even the resources are available under the resource section, so if you will click on any of the sessions, let's see if you will click on the last session.
Sunny Savita: So, under the resource section, basically, you will get the resources. I think the previous resources have not been updated so far. Don't worry, it will be updated. See, once you will go inside the resource section now, so inside the resource section also, you will get all the resources. So, from here as well, you can download all the things, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, perfect. So guys, if you will go through with the syllabus, so we have already completed the first module of the syllabus.
Sunny Savita: So, inside the first module, guys, we were talking about the encoding and the embedding, right? So, let me show you. Guys, you did not get the assignment solution.
Sunny Savita: Did you get the assignment solution from my end? Because I've given you one assignment as well. This was assignment.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you did not get.
Sunny Savita: Hmm… just a second, let me check. Actually, I shared with my team, I shared in the last, I shared the last Tuesday itself. Let me check once why it did not update it.
Sunny Savita: Guys, give me a moment, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I, checked with the team, actually, so don't worry, the assignment, solution will be available inside your resource section itself, and even I will upload the, even I will upload the solution under this repository also. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Just, give me a quick thumbs up.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Great. So right after the class, guys, you will get the assignment solution also inside the same repository.
Sunny Savita: Now guys, here is the syllabus. So, we have already completed the first module. We understood about the encoding, we understood about the embedding. Now, we are going to move out into the second module. So, so first, in the first module, guys,
Sunny Savita: The one concept that is still remaining, that is a transformer, okay?
Sunny Savita: So today, guys, we are going to be start the transformer topic.
Sunny Savita: So, led to me,
Sunny Savita: show you that model thing we are going to discuss in today's session. So, guys, today, basically, we are going to discuss about the transformer, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, we'll understand about the transformer. So this is the base and the fundamental, actually, of all the large language models.
Sunny Savita: This is not very important for the practical perspective. If you are going to build any application, if you are going to be code any RAG-based system or agentic system, there may be that, concept, this concept is not required directly, right? So, where this concept is required, there's transformer concept. So, this transformer concept, actually, it is required in the interview, right?
Sunny Savita: This, transformer concept is required.
Sunny Savita: to understand the fundamental of the large language model. That how someone has created the large language model, okay? What is our, idea behind the large language model? How this model is working in the backend, right? And what is a concept of the self-attention? What is the concept of the multi-head self-attention? So this concept may be required when you are going in an interview, when you wanted to understand the fundamental of the large language model.
Sunny Savita: or whenever you wanted to create any model from scratch. Okay, so at that time, guys, this concept will be required.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. Is it getting clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. Now, guys, if you will go and check with my previous session, so, there actually I discussed about the encoding, there actually I discussed about the embedding, world-to-back and all.
Sunny Savita: Now, one embedding was remaining over there, the SOTA embedding, right? So, that SOTA model, actually, that S-O-O-T-A, this is called the state-of-art model, right? A state-of-art model, which is basically based on the transformer itself, right? So, we can generate the embedding using those models as well, right?
Sunny Savita: So today, guys, what I will do, I will, basically incorporate that chapter also, means I will show you how the SOTA model is being… how the SOTA model is generating the embedding. I will use the Jimny-based model, I will use the OpenAI-based model.
Sunny Savita: And I will show you the different, different, I will show you the different, different open source model also, right? And then, guys, we'll deep dive into the transformer. So, this transformer chapter, it will take 2-3 classes, even I will provide you the code also of this transformer. So, if you wanted to code this transformer from scratch, you can do that, okay? You can run that code, and you can code this transformer even from scratch.
Sunny Savita: So, Max 2 Max, guys?
Sunny Savita: So, next to Max, guys, this, Transformer chapter will take two to three classes only, and right after that, guys, we'll deep dive into the different, different LLMs, and how we can access the different, different LLM from the different, different APIs.
Sunny Savita: And after that, guys, we'll, come to the fine-tuning, okay? So, fine-tuning, basically, we will cover, I think, in detail, basically, I will show you the fine-tuning and all with a different, different, framework and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, let's begin, let's start, and let me discuss about those SOTA model, okay? So, are you excited, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, if you're excited, you can let me know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Sir, whatever we have learned till now, where does all this sit in a modern generative AI? Yes, it is a foundation of the model generative AI region. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Sir, quick revision of the previous class, please. Quick revision is not required, because today's concept is completely different from the previous class, right?
Sunny Savita: Sir, I have one general question. How too important is DSA for the interview? DSA is important for the good companies.
Sunny Savita: For the Taiwan companies, right? If you are preparing for those companies, then you will have to prepare the DSA. Sir, I use AI model for converting text into vector using Langchains, so all NLP topics are only for the interview purpose.
Sunny Savita: No, this, transformer-based embedding, SOTA embedding, basically, it is directly being used inside the further chapters, like RAG, okay, and the agentic RAG and all. So, this is the foundation. Today, whatever we are going to be learned, so this is going to be a foundation of the upcoming module also, like RAG, Agentic RAG, and all. Understood, Venkta?
Sunny Savita: Sir, are we going to code Transformer? Yes, I'll show you the code and all everything.
Sunny Savita: Perfect, guys. So, let's start, let's start with the session. So, guys, first 20 to 30 minutes, I will teach you completely. I will not take, much caution.
Sunny Savita: In backend, guys, Yash is with me, so if you have any sort of a doubt, you can write it down inside the chat. Yash will reply to you. But guys, in case if you are not… if we are not able to answer any of your questions.
Sunny Savita: And don't worry, guys, you can ask me in the doubt session, because right after the class, guys, we have a doubt session, okay? So you can interact with me in a live, a doubt session. And guys, apologize from my end. This weekend, I was quite busy, so I couldn't reply for, like, different, different mails, right? So I got a couple of mails also.
Sunny Savita: Don't worry, guys, soon you will get a reply from my end, whoever has dropped me a mail, okay? Because this weekend, guys, I didn't have much time, okay? So, sorry for the inconvenience.
Sunny Savita: Now, let's begin. So, first of all, guys, what you have to do, so please open your VS Code. Okay, so please open your VS Code. I will show you how to, configure, means how to read the, different, different SOTA model from the different, different platform.
Sunny Savita: And, then, guys, we'll understand how to convert our data into the, embeddings, okay? And then, guys, we are going to be perform a various, we are going to be perform the various operation on top of it.
Sunny Savita: Now, from here, guys, the actual LLM thing, the actual modern generative AI is going to be start.
Sunny Savita: Because this concept, we are directly going to be used inside our RAG and the agentic chapter, okay? So this embedding, guys, we are directly going to be used at certain places and very important places. So from now onwards, guys, you will have to be a little serious, right? You will have to become a little serious, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys. So, let's do one thing. Let's, start with the session. So, I created a folder, guys, here you can see my folder name is this, Class 8, 18 AppReal, SOTA Transformer Embedding method. Now, guys, this, embedding model, it is directly connected to the transformer, okay? So, right after this spectacle, I will start with the transformer, so you will get to know
Sunny Savita: how this embedding is being generated, okay? But don't worry, I will give you some glimpse in today's class how this,
Sunny Savita: Basically, embedding is being generated, using this transformer-based model, okay?
Sunny Savita: Perfect, guys. So, let's begin. Let's start.
Sunny Savita: So, first of all.
Sunny Savita: Let's do one thing, guys. Let's, create a file inside the folder. So, I'm going to create one file over here. Now, the file name is going to be what?
Sunny Savita: The file is going to be SOTALMBDING IPYNB.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, please create a file along with me. Please do it, guys.
Sunny Savita: SOTA LLM.
Sunny Savita: I'm building.
Sunny Savita: dot.
Sunny Savita: I, P, Y, N, B.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And guys, one more thing. If you're not able to code along with me, don't worry, just observe the code, because everyone cannot code simultaneously, and even this is not a good practice. Okay? You can do only one thing at a time. Either you can understand, or you can code.
Sunny Savita: So my best, suggestion to all of you guys, please watch this session. If you're not able to code along with me, then, after the class, guys, you can take this entire code, and you can revise from the class itself, okay? Means you can run this entire code and all after the session itself. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Great. So, let's do one thing, guys. Let's start with the coding. So, here, what I've done, I've created one file. The file name is what? The file name is this SOTALM embedding, okay.ipvinev. Now, over here, guys, if we're talking about the SOTALM embedding, so we can read the model from the different, different places.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We can read the model from the different, different places. Let me write a couple of names over here.
Sunny Savita: So we can read the model from the hugging face.
Sunny Savita: Do you know about the hugging Face? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes? Okay. If you don't know, guys, then we are going to be cover this hugging Face in a detail in our upcoming chapter, that's going to be a fine-tuning, okay? So inside the fine-tuning chapter.
Sunny Savita: Inside the fine-tuning chapter, we'll discuss this hugging phase.
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss this hugging phase.
Sunny Savita: In detail.
Sunny Savita: Got it
Sunny Savita: Great, guys. Now, the second one, basically, OpenAI. So, do you know about the OpenAI API, OpenAI SDK?
Sunny Savita: So, using the OpenAI SDK, we can access the model, okay? So, if you don't know about the OpenAI SDK, guys, again, we are going to discuss that where in our upcoming chapter, okay? After completing this transformer and all, I will discuss about the LLMs, SLMs, and all, and how to read those LLM SLMs. So, there, actually, we are going to discuss about this OpenAI SDK, Google Gemini SDK,
Sunny Savita: the different, different SDK, basically. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, what, what is the next thing, guys? The next thing, basically, is the Jimny one. So, we are going to be, like, we are going to be load the Jimny-based model also. So, we'll discuss about the Jimny SDK, right? Now, this, OpenAir SDK and this Jimny SDK, instead of accessing directly, guys, we can use it through the lang chain.
Sunny Savita: Okay, do you know about the langchain, guys? I think you don't know about the langchain. So again, guys, this langchain, we are going to be understanding in the upcoming classes. So, inside the RAG, inside the RAG and the agentic chapter. So, this, we'll discuss this langchain in a very detail.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So RAG, inside… in the RAG chapter, inside the agentic chapter, we are going to discuss this Langchain in a very, very detail. Okay? Don't worry about that. Even this Jimny model also, this Jimny SDK also, we can, we can, basically access via Langchain.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? So don't worry, this Hugging Face, Langchain, everything we are going to discuss in a detail.
Sunny Savita: There's Hugging Face, Langchain, everything we are going to discuss in a detail in the upcoming chapter. So, in today's class, guys, I'm just showing you that how to load a model, how to load the embedding model, and how to convert the data, any sort of a data, into the embedding. Getting my point? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, yes. For the cloud, guys, we have a separate chapter. So, Cloud will discuss for sure in one of the chapters, even I mention inside the syllabus also. You can check out… you can check out about the Cloud, okay? What is the meaning of the SDK? SDK means Software Development Kit.
Sunny Savita: SD… full form of the SDK is going to be Software Development Kit, okay? Now, guys, Hugging Face Langshin, we are going to discuss in detail in the upcoming chapter.
Sunny Savita: But yeah, today, guys, we will just understand how to load this sorta embedding model, and how to perform an operation using those embedding model, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, first, guys, first what is required to us? So, over here, guys, what I'm going to do, I'm going to be import one thing.
Sunny Savita: So, here I'm writing from transformer.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, from Sentence Transformer, I'm going to be import this sentence transformer class, this one.
Sunny Savita: sentence transformer class. Now, what is this sentence transformer class? Why we are using the sentence transformer class, right? Everything we'll understand in today's session, okay? And again, guys, don't worry, we are going to be understanding this entire thing in a detail in our upcoming chapters, right? So, here, let me import this sentence transformer. Now, how you will get the sentence transformer, guys?
Sunny Savita: So, if you will check, guys, just go and check inside the requirement.txt. Inside the requirement.txt, I already given you one package, that is called Sentence Transformer.
Sunny Savita: Are you getting it or not? Please tell me.
Sunny Savita: Sir, what is a sort embedding model? Yes, we'll come to that, okay? With third party? I'll come to that, okay? So, can you see, guys, this sentence transformer?
Sunny Savita: So, if you wanted to import the sentence transformer, so you will have to install this particular package, you will have to install this particular package where you will have to install this particular package inside your current virtual environment, right? Now, guys, here, you can see, we have imported the sentence transformer.
Sunny Savita: And now what I'm going to do, guys, I'm going to be, import the model, okay? Now, what all thing is required for this one, right? How we can import the model and all, everything will understand over here.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, what I will do, I will give the model name. We have several models over here, inside this particular repository. We have several models. Okay, so what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be write a name.
Sunny Savita: this all mini LM. This is one of the model, this is one of the embedding model, okay?
Sunny Savita: So I can, give this particular name. Now, over here, guys, what I'm going to do, just observe, guys, everything I'm going to be, explained, okay? So here, guys, what I'm going to do, I'm going to be right, open source.
Sunny Savita: Okay, open source.
Sunny Savita: embedding.
Sunny Savita: an open source embedding model. So, this is the open source embedding model, basically, which we are going to be download from the Hugging Face, okay? So, let me run it, guys, and here you can see we are able to load it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now guys, using this particular model, we can convert any type of data, not any type, guys, I'm not talking about the modality, I'm just talking about the, different, different type. Means, we can convert the single word also.
Sunny Savita: Into the sentence, into the embedding, and even we can convert the sentence also into the embedding, or we can provide the complete paragraph to convert the data into the embedding, okay? So what I'm going to do, guys, I'm going to write a text. Now, this text is basically just a simple word. Let's say here I'm going to write machine.
Sunny Savita: Okay? What I have written, guys, here, I have written machine over here, this one.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, if I will run it, and if I will provide, this particular text to where, if I will provide this particular text to my…
Sunny Savita: Model. This is the model, guys, and here what I'll do, I'll call this encode method, okay? ENCODE method.
Sunny Savita: And see, guys, what I have done over here? I have just provided this text, this simple word, okay? Now, one, guys, once guys, if I will execute it, see, what I will be getting? I'm getting a embedding out of this word.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, are we able to get the embedding or not?
Sunny Savita: Are we able to get the embedding or not?
Sunny Savita: So, even I can store this particular embedding inside the variable, okay? And I can run it, guys. I can check the shape of it. So, here, what I can do, I can check the length of this particular embedding.
Sunny Savita: See, I can check the length of this particular embedding, okay? Now, see, what is the length of this particular embedding? It is 384 dimensional.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it is 384 dimension, right? Even you can call the shape method on top of it, so once you will call the shape method on top of it, you will get the shape of this particular embedding.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, here, it is not only about the word, right? Even you can give the complete sentence, okay? Guys, let me complete this one part. I will explain you everything from scratch over the blackboard itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay, just give me 5 minutes over here, okay? Just give me 5 minutes, everything I will talk about over here, okay? So guys, what I'm doing, I'm giving a text over here. So, let's say my text is going to be what?
Sunny Savita: So, here, guys, let's say this is the text, guys. I written this particular text. I written this particular sentence, right? Now, if I wanted to convert this particular sentence into the embedding, right? This particular sentence into the embedding.
Sunny Savita: So, what I'll do, guys, I will just take this object, okay, and I will call this encode on top of it, and I will provide my sentence, okay? Now, guys, over here you can see my model is able to convert this text also, this text also into the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Can you see, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Please let me know in the chat if you are able to see this thing.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I will start from scratch. Just give me 2 minutes, let me show you something, right? Let me show you something. I just wanted to show you something, and then only I will start with the theoretical explanation, right?
Sunny Savita: Great, guys. If you don't know about the shape, if you don't know about the length, then I think you should check out with the previous session, DBS Raju.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Because there I discussed word back, and there I explained what is the meaning of shape and length, right? I hope it is clear.
Sunny Savita: Now, why I'm doing… what I'm doing, guys, so here, you can see, we are able to get the embedding out of the sentence. Now, here, what I'm doing, instead of giving a single sentence, I'm giving a complete paragraph. So, can you see this complete paragraph, guys? Is it visible to all of you, this complete paragraph?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, is it visible to all of you, this complete paragraph? So, even if you're giving this complete paragraph to the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so in that case also, you will be able to convert your data into the embedding.
Sunny Savita: So either you can give the single word, either you can give the sentence, or you can give the complete paragraph, complete PDF data, right? So it will be able to convert your data into where? Into the embedding. Okay? So let me run it, guys, and let me show you whether we are able to convert this particular data into the embedding or not.
Sunny Savita: So here, I'm going to be right, open source embedding model. I'm just taking this particular model, okay? And here, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be past this particular paragraph, right? So here, if I will show you guys, see, I'm able to convert this paragraph also into the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you guys? Yes or no? Can you tell me? So, either we have a word, either we have a sentence, or we have a single paragraph. Everything we can convert into the embedding, right, into the same dimension of embedding using this transformer-based model.
Sunny Savita: And the same concept, basically, we are going to be used here inside the rack system.
Sunny Savita: Have you heard about the retrieval inside the rack, guys? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes? So there, guys, the same concept is being used. If you don't know, guys, we will cover inside the RAC chapter, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if you are going to be capture this particular embedding inside the variable, so you will get a same dimension over there, okay? You will get a same dimension.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, tell me, guys, how many of you, you understand, the capability of this SOTA model, SOTA embedding model. Tell me, guys, fast.
Sunny Savita: How many of you, you understood the capability of this SOTA embedding model?
Sunny Savita: The SOTA embedding model, actually, it is based on the transformer, and using this particular model, we are going to be convert our… any kind of data, okay, any kind of text data, into the embedding, right? But guys, here I would, mention one more thing. Can we only convert the text data?
Sunny Savita: No, we can convert the audio data into the embedding, we can convert image data into the embedding, and even we can convert the video data also into the embedding. So, any kind of modality, we can convert into where into the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you, yes or no? Okay. So, first of all, guys, let me give you this particular code so that at least you can try out from your end, okay? And then, guys, I will start with the complete theoretical, point, okay?
Sunny Savita: step by step, one by one, I'll try to explain you everything. And then, basically, I will try to explain you everything, guys.
Sunny Savita: And, then basically, again, we'll perform the practical, okay? So, I'm giving you this code.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I will give you the more example.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I will give you the example with the images also, okay? Abhi, got it?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sentence transformer is a library inside the, hugging phase, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes, everything is being converted into the 384 dimension. I can show you that I can keep this particular data, this embedding data, inside the variable. So let me keep this particular data inside the embedding, embedding variable, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I can do, guys, I can show you that. So, I can show you the…
Sunny Savita: shape of it. So, embedding is there, then embedding dot, shape is there, see? 384 dimensional. So, if I'm going to be show you the shape of this paragraph also, I can keep it inside the variable. So, here is my variable, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I can do, guys, I can check out the shape of it. So, here, I'm just calling the shape, right? Shape means the dimension of the data.
Sunny Savita: Shape means what? Shape means the dimension of the data, right? Now, guys, how to execute this entire code and all? Did you get this code from the GitHub? Can you give me the quick confirmation in the chat?
Sunny Savita: Did you get this entire quote?
Sunny Savita: Just give me the quick confirmation.
Sunny Savita: So here is the code, guys. Inside the GitHub, guys, I've given you the code, you can take it from here.
Sunny Savita: If this is your first class, then check out the previous classes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, all the recordings and all, everything is there over the dashboard.
Sunny Savita: Sir, please provide a link. Guys, how many times you will ask the same thing, huh?
Sunny Savita: How… I provided it everywhere.
Sunny Savita: If you're not seeing from your end, then this is not my fault, no?
Sunny Savita: Huh? In every class, I should do this thing, provide the links, or provide the notes, provide this, that. Everything I provide you inside the first and the second class itself. Why you are not checking with the induction session and the first and the second class?
Sunny Savita: Again and again, guys, the same thing. Link, this, that. If you will go and check out with this particular notes now, Notion Note C, here is all the link, guys.
Sunny Savita: Here is all the links, see? What is this?
Sunny Savita: GitHub repository, notice board, direct portal, everything is there. But same thing, huh?
Sunny Savita: Great, perfect. So, keep this link with you, it is very, very important. Now, guys, you got the glimpse, actually, you got the glimpse of what? You got the glimpse of the SOTA model. Let's try to understand what is the SOTA model.
Sunny Savita: And we'll try to understand the differences between the encoding, word embedding, and this SOTA model, okay? And can anyone tell me, guys, this SOTA model is based on which architecture?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: SUTA model is based on the transformer architecture. So, guys, to understand all this model, do we at least need to understand the little bit working of the transformer? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes, right? So, if you want to understand the working of this particular model, this type of model, then you will have to little bit deep dive into the transformer model, okay? And in modern route, guys, we include the transformer, but we don't include the neural network. Some people were asking the… some people were asking in the chat, can you please discuss the neural network?
Sunny Savita: So, no, guys, we don't discuss the neural network inside the modern route, badge, guys. We directly started from the transformer itself, okay? Whatever we have learned so far, that is more than enough. That is more than enough, guys, in terms of the neural network, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, let's begin, let's start, let's understand, basically, the meaning of the SOTA, okay? Transformer, guys, the dedicated transformer, I will start in sometime, or maybe I will start in tomorrow's class.
Sunny Savita: Today, we'll focus on the embedding part, okay? How the embedding, means, basically, how we can generate the embedding using the different, different, using the different, different model.
Sunny Savita: OpenAI model, Jimmy model, okay, using the different, different SOTA model, and then only we'll come to the transformer architecture, okay? But let me give you the complete high-level overview, that what is happening under the hood, okay?
Sunny Savita: Fine. So, guys, can you tell me what is this?
Sunny Savita: This one. What is this?
Sunny Savita: It is a neural network.
Sunny Savita: This is what?
Sunny Savita: This is the neural network, guys. Just give me a second.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is what, guys? This is a neural network. So, using… inside the word-to-back, now when we were talking about the word-to-back model.
Sunny Savita: So, did we use this neural network over there for generating the embedding?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, what was our embedding? What was our embedding? So, embedding was nothing, it was the intermediate output.
Sunny Savita: It was the… What was the embedding, guys? It was the intermediate output.
Sunny Savita: Intermediate output of the hidden layer.
Sunny Savita: Intermediate output of the… Just a second. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Embedding was nothing. It was the… intermediate output.
Sunny Savita: Of the hidden layer.
Sunny Savita: Okay? HL means what? Hidden layer. So this was my embedding.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: So, whatever output I was getting from here, after training the model, so that's… that was my embedding, okay? Now, guys, if we're talking about the SOTA model, so this SOTA model, actually, it is completely depend on this transformer architecture.
Sunny Savita: Soda means what? What is the full form of the SOTA?
Sunny Savita: The soda is called the state of art.
Sunny Savita: The SOTA is called State of Art, okay? Now, whatever LLM you can see in the market.
Sunny Savita: whether it's a GPT model, or it's a Google model, Right?
Sunny Savita: or, basically, HF, any open source model, right? Whatever open source model you are seeing from the Quan, from the DeepSeek, right, from the Llama, Mistral, okay, all the model, basically.
Sunny Savita: It is dependent on this transformer architecture only, okay? So, this is the biggest shift inside the industry. This was the biggest shift in the… inside the industry, inside the AI industry mainly.
Sunny Savita: And because of that only, guys, we are able to see the state-of-art LLM model, right? Now, we're talking about the embedding, guys, so yes, we can even get the embedding, we can even get the embedding from this particular architecture.
Sunny Savita: from this particular transformer architecture, okay? Now, once we will deep dive into this transformer architecture, then only you will be able to understand, okay, at which places, from… at which… from which place, actually.
Sunny Savita: From which part only, we are getting an embedding, right? But again, guys, embedding is an intermediate output, right? So what is an embedding, guys? Embedding it is nothing. It is an intermediate output.
Sunny Savita: It is a intermediate output of the architecture. So, are you seeing this particular architecture? This transformer architecture, right? So, guys, here, what we are doing, see.
Sunny Savita: After this particular stage only now, whatever output we are getting, after this particular stage, whatever output we are getting, actually, we are collecting that as an embedding one.
Sunny Savita: Actually, we are collecting this as a embed… this as an embedding one, okay? Now, if we're talking about the neural network, guys, this neural network, so what this neural network can do, neural network can, can be used for the classification, it can be performed for the regression kind of problem, right? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Now, on the other hand, if we're talking about this transformer model, so what is a use, what is a use of this transformer model? So, the use of this transformer model, basically, we have several uses. If we're talking about the NLP perspective.
Sunny Savita: So, we can solve any sort of a task using this transformer model, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, we can, solve any sort of a task, any sort of a task using what? Any sort of a task using this transformer model. So, we can solve the text classification.
Sunny Savita: Text classification.
Sunny Savita: This is possible using the transformer, okay? We can perform the summarization, this is also possible.
Sunny Savita: We can perform the translation also.
Sunny Savita: So, translation is also possible using this transformer architecture.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, we can do the text generation.
Sunny Savita: Text generation. So this, all the tasks, actually, it is, NLP-based task, it is natural language-based task, and this, all the tasks, actually, it is, possible using what? Using this, transformer architecture, okay?
Sunny Savita: But if we're talking about, nowadays, guys, this LLM architecture, this, sorry, this transformer architecture is trained in such a way that it is able to perform, right? It is able to perform every sort of a task. So, if we're talking about the GPT, guys, have you heard about the GPT model? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: GPT model, okay? So this GPT model, basically, it is capable
Sunny Savita: Text classification. If you're asking anything to the chat GPT or any GPT model, so it is able to perform the text classification. Text classification means what? So, whether my text belongs to the positive category, whether it belongs to the negative category, whether my mail is a spam mail, right?
Sunny Savita: Whether my mail is a spam mail or ham, right? Whatever is there. So, we can categorize our sentence. My, GPT model is capable for this one, no?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Tell me. Yes? Now, if we wanted to do the summarization, if you are asking for the summarization, if you are asking for the summarization, so my LLM model can do the summarization also.
Sunny Savita: If I'm talking about the tech generation, right?
Sunny Savita: Ultimately, everything is a text generation only, because in the summarization also, we are summarizing a text, but at the end, we are generating a data, right? So ultimately, everything is a text generation only, right? So we can do the text classification, we can do the text summarization, we can do the text translation. This is also possible using the chat GPT, okay, using the GPT model. So nowadays, guys, this GPT model, right? Again, this GPT model
Sunny Savita: Again, it is based on the transformer only.
Sunny Savita: So, this GPT model, actually, it is trained in such a way, this GPT model is trained in such a way, okay?
Sunny Savita: This GPT model is trained in such a way. Actually, this GPT model, it is based on the transformer decoder. So, we'll discuss what is this transformer decoder, what is the transformer encoder, okay? We'll come to that part. So, guys, this GPT model, actually, it is based on the transformer decoder.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, this GPT model is trained in such a way that it is able to perform every sort of a task based on the given prompt. So, we are just going to be passed the prompt to this particular model.
Sunny Savita: We are just going to be passed the prompt to this particular model, and behalf of this particular prompt, it is going to be generated the text classif… it is able to perform the text classification, it is able to perform the summarization, it can perform the translation also, means from English to Hindi, from any sort of a language. It understands so many languages. We are using ChatGPT in our day-to-day life, right? Now, how this thing was possible?
Sunny Savita: Because here, guys, they have trained the model in such a way, right, means it is able to understand the crux of the language, right? So that particular training is called the pre-training of the model.
Sunny Savita: That particular training is called the pre-training of the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? That particular training is called the pre-training of the model. Now, inside the pre-training of the model, what we teach to our model, we teach to our model to predict the next token, or next word.
Sunny Savita: Okay? To predict the next token, or the next word.
Sunny Savita: Right? So this is called the pre-training, means based on the previous data, based on the previous sentence, right? So based on the previous… based on the previous sentence, we are going to be predict what? We are going to be predict the next token.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we are going to be predict the… Next token.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Right? So, over here, guys, if we're talking about the pre-training, right? This pre-training, basically, it is a very important part of any LLM. Every LLM has been pre-trained, right? This is also called the unsupervised pre-training. And, inside the pre-training, we are teaching our model to predict the next token.
Sunny Savita: And because of that, guys, my model is able to understand the crux of the language, and it is able to perform every sort of a task based on the given prompt, right? Based on the given prompt, it is able to perform every sort of a task.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is the meaning of the next token prediction? So, here, let's see if I'm writing my… name.
Sunny Savita: is…
Sunny Savita: Sunny, right? So this is the sentence. Now, based on this particular sentence, guys, based on this particular sentence, based on this particular word, I'm going to predict the next token, this sunny, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This is Sunny. So this is called the next token, a next token prediction. So, whatever LLM you are seeing in the world, right? Every LLM, guys, it has been through to this particular process. That is called the pre-training of the model.
Sunny Savita: So there, we are teaching the… there, we are teaching the crux of the language to the model, okay? And it is trained on the very huge amount of data, on a very huge amount of data.
Sunny Savita: Okay, but guys, initially, this transformer model was not like this one. Initially, this transformer model, basically, it is just for the machine translation. If you will check out the… if you will check out the original research paper of this transformer model, so actually, they have invented this transformer research… this transformer model, basically, for the machine translation.
Sunny Savita: For what, guys? For the machine translation.
Sunny Savita: For what, guys? For the machine translation, okay? So, this is the differences, guys, which we are going to be discussing some time. First of all, let me give you the quick, let me give you the… what, let me give you, let me give you the quick, basically, overview of this transformer model, okay? After that, I will come to the SOTA embedding and all. Again, I will discuss so many things over there.
Sunny Savita: And even these differences also. So, let me move this over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, if we're talking about this transformer model, so this transformer model, basically, originally, it was trained, originally it was invented for the machine translation, right? So let me write over here. So, this transformer model, actually, it is invented in 2017. I think in 2017-18.
Sunny Savita: Now, originally, this transformer model transformer model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it was invented for the machine translation problem.
Sunny Savita: They were solving the machine translation.
Sunny Savita: Then they have seen the capability of this transformer model. They have seen, okay, we can use this transformer model for any sort of an NLP task, like text classification.
Sunny Savita: We can use it for the text classification.
Sunny Savita: Right? We can use it for the summarization.
Sunny Savita: For this kind of task, basically, they were using. Then what happened? Suddenly, Google has launched one more model.
Sunny Savita: The model name was the BERT model.
Sunny Savita: BERT model. Have you heard about the BERT model, guys? This one. So, Google has launched this BERT model, and inside this BERT model, actually, they have used one technique that was called the mask language modeling.
Sunny Savita: So, they have used a different kind of modeling, that is called the mask language modeling. So, inside that, basically, what they were trying to do, right, so let's say this is a sentence, sunny.
Sunny Savita: Is?
Sunny Savita: Sunny is a AI mentor, right? Sunny is a AI mentor. So this is what, this is a sentence. So what we were doing, guys, we were masking this particular word.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we were masking this particular word. Now, behalf on this word, no, behalf on this particular word, we are going to be predict… we are going to be predict this mask word. This is called the mask word.
Sunny Savita: So, this type… this type of training is called the… this type of training is called the mask language modeling. So, they have introduced the… they have introduced the mask language modeling, okay?
Sunny Savita: They have introduced what? They have introduced the mask language modeling. Yeah, kind of skipground, the thing which we have seen inside the neural network, okay? Now, guys, so this was the random one. It was not, like, that window size or something. This was the random masking, and based on that, basically, they were trying to do. Then, suddenly, what happened?
Sunny Savita: In 2018 or 2019, I'm not able to remember the day, I will show you the research paper and all everything. Let me give you the quick overview over here. OpenAI has released one model that was a GPT one.
Sunny Savita: Who has released this model? OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Has released the model, OpenAI has released the model. Guys, give me a moment, okay? Wait, wait, wait.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sorry guys, I got a call, sorry, sorry for the interruption. Right. So, here guys, here guys, you can see, so what, GPT done, so, sorry, what OpenAI done, they have released one model that was a GPT-1, okay, GPT model, model. So, here, instead of the masked language modeling, they have used the autoregressive training.
Sunny Savita: Auto.
Sunny Savita: regressive training.
Sunny Savita: Okay. In the autoregressive training, guys, what they were doing, actually, inside the autoregressive training.
Sunny Savita: instead of doing the random masking, right, instead of doing the random masking, they were trying to predict the next token inside the sentence. So let's say this is my sentence, Sunny is AI mentor.
Sunny Savita: Right? Sunny is an AI mentor. So, based on this particular sentence, okay, they were deciding some context window and all. So, based on that particular sentence, they were trying to predict the next word. They were trying to predict the next word, and this is called the autoregressive training. Getting my point? So, how this evolution happened? So, first, in 2017-18, this transformer has been released. Now, earlier this transformer, basically, it was good
Sunny Savita: for the machine translation, for the several NLP tasks, like text classification, summarization, and all.
Sunny Savita: Then they realized the power of this, transformer model. Then, BERT has released this Google… sorry, Google has released this BERT model. Now, this BERT model, it was based on this MLM technique that is called the mask language modeling, okay? They were trying to mask the word based on the… so they were trying to predict that mask word, okay? Based on the entire word inside a given sentence.
Sunny Savita: Then, GPT has launched the model… sorry, OpenAI launched the model that was a GPT-1, and inside that, actually, they were trying to perform the autoregressive training, and the main aim of the autoregressive training to predict the next token.
Sunny Savita: to predict the next token inside the data. So, guys, did you get the initial and the,
Sunny Savita: Did you get, guys, the initial level of introduction of this transformer model? We'll deep dive, guys. I will discuss so many things with respect to this transformer and all. Now, I just started. So, inside these 3 and 4 classes, right, so we are going to be understanding every sort of a part of this transformer.
Sunny Savita: As you know, right, how I teach, guys, I always deep dive into the concept, I always explain the concept till the end, right? So definitely, we are going to be discuss that. Now, here, guys, today, today, where we are going to be focused. So today, guys, our main focus to discuss about the
Sunny Savita: embedding only, right? To discuss about the embedding. So, let me do one thing, let me,
Sunny Savita: Take this model, okay? This is the transformer architecture. Now, over here, guys, what I can do, I can keep this architecture. So, based on this particular architecture, right, let me write over here. See, this is our architecture. Now, based on this particular architecture, the several LLM have been invented, okay?
Sunny Savita: Several LLM have been invented.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let me write over here, LLM.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And this LLM, right? So, several LLMs have been invented. Now, this LLM basically are very good, right?
Sunny Savita: In text generation.
Sunny Savita: in text generation.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, apart from this one.
Sunny Savita: Apart from this one, guys, several embedding models also have been trained.
Sunny Savita: Apart from this one, guys.
Sunny Savita: Several embedding models also have been trained.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is our use of this embedding model? Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: convert our data convert.
Sunny Savita: R… data.
Sunny Savita: into… convert our data into what? Into the meaningful numbers.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, we were having a transformer. Using that, they have created several
Sunny Savita: embedding model. Now, the… now, basically… now, over here, guys, what is the aim of this… what is the aim of this embedding model? To convert our data into the meaningful numbers. Getting my point, guys? Now, over here, guys, we don't have any sort of a restriction.
Sunny Savita: means… We can give the single word to the model.
Sunny Savita: Either we can provide the sentence to the model, either we can provide the complete paragraph, complete document to the model, okay? Complete document to the model, any sort of a document we have. Either we can provide the images.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we can provide the, basically, audio.
Sunny Savita: We can provide the video.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, any type of data we can provide to the transformer model, and that particular data is being converted where?
Sunny Savita: into the… embedding.
Sunny Savita: Means that particular data is going to be converted into the
Sunny Savita: Numbers. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no? Tell me, guys, yes?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Yes, guys, tell me yes or no? Okay. So once we'll understand the transformer model, maybe, by end of this class, or maybe in the next class, I will start the, explanation of the encoder and the decoder model, so you will understand from where this embedding is coming, actually.
Sunny Savita: from where this embedding is coming. Like you understood, like you understood, if we're talking about the neural network.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we're talking about the work-to-back model.
Sunny Savita: So, embedding is nothing, it is just a…
Sunny Savita: output of the hidden layer. Okay, hidden layer. Similar to that, this embedding, actually, it is coming from some place, right? So it is coming after the self-attention. After the self-attention, guys.
Sunny Savita: After the self-attention, there is a feed-forward neural network.
Sunny Savita: feed-forward neural network. Now, after that, whatever output we are getting, that is only the
Sunny Savita: That is only our embedding.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Tell me yes or no. So, what is a conclusion over here? The conclusion is very, very simple. So, the conclusion is very, very simple. Let me conclude that thing, guys, then I will come to the practical, okay? So, the conclusion is very, very simple. So, we're talking about the SOTA model.
Sunny Savita: It is based on the transformer.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we are… it is based on the transformer. Now, using that, using this, SOTA embedding model, SOTA
Sunny Savita: embedding model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We can convert, we can convert any type of data Any type of data
Sunny Savita: any type of data into what? Into meaningful number.
Sunny Savita: Into what? Into meaningful numbers.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no. Just give me a quick thumbs up so that I can proceed, okay?
Sunny Savita: Abhishek Teney is saying no. Okay, Abhishek, why you are saying no? It's very simple, na. Sota model means what? Transformer-based model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? We can utilize that model for converting our data into the embedding, okay? I'll show you where all those models is, like, lying and all, right? I'll show you that repository in some time.
Sunny Savita: If you have any sort of a doubt, guys, you can ask me in a doubt session, okay? Vishal saying no, Jyoti is saying, please explain flowchart.
Sunny Savita: Those numbers called the dimension. Yes, the size of the array is called the dimension.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Great. I think 99.999% people are able to understand that, okay? So, we have to understand till here only, as of now, right? So, guys, now, see, if we're talking about this transformer-based model, so hugging Face.
Sunny Savita: Has created one specific library, one specific framework for that.
Sunny Savita: That is called the… Sentence Transformer.
Sunny Savita: That is called what? That is called the sentence transformer, okay? So let's do one thing. Let's check out with that sentence transformer.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, guys. Let me show you the sentence transformer, okay? Where is the sentence transformer?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this… see, once you will go and check with the Google, right, once you will write over the Google.
Sunny Savita: Once you will write over the Google sentence transformer, you will get that. Okay, so you see, this is the sentence transformer. This is the page of the sentence transformer. So just open the Google and write the sentence transformer over there.
Sunny Savita: See, open the Google, and write sentence transformer over there. Sentence transformer. Now, once you will do that, guys, see, here is the link, this one, sentence transformer. Now, let's understand what it is.
Sunny Savita: So, just to read out it.
Sunny Savita: Sentence transformer is a Pythonic framework, means it is completely written in a Python.
Sunny Savita: for using and training a state-of-art embedding and re-ranker model. Can you see, guys, this one?
Sunny Savita: Can you see this one? What they are going to be right?
Sunny Savita: I'm sharing this link with all of you, you can take it.
Sunny Savita: You can open this particular link inside your system also, and check it out. So, Sentence Transformer is a Python framework for using and training a state-of-art embedding and read-anchor model. It can be used to compute embedding from text, from images, from audio, from video, okay?
Sunny Savita: Using the sentence transformer.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, one question I'm asking to all of you. So, is this all the model based on the transformer architecture?
Sunny Savita: Is this all the model based on the transformer architecture?
Sunny Savita: What is a read anchor model? We'll discuss that in a RAC chapter.
Sunny Savita: Yes, this all the model, actually. It is based on the transformer architecture. Babya is saying no. How no, huh?
Sunny Savita: One person is also saying no. Sentence transformer, transformer se bane hy sare model. All the model is created from the transformer. I'll show you what all model is there.
Sunny Savita: library di sentence transformer, hindi mehi bold dia, bahi apto, huh?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. So, over here, you can see. Now, if you will go and check, once you will scroll down, right, so here you will get one thing, this one.
Sunny Savita: find all sentence model on how. Now, once you will click on it.
Sunny Savita: So, here you will get all the models. Can you see, guys, this all the models over here? If you are able to see, please let me know in the chat. So, here, in total, how many models we have? We have 20,000 model.
Sunny Savita: How many models we have, guys? Tell me. We have 20,000 model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now just see the name over here. This all MP, all mini-LM L6V2, okay, this, pre-paraphrase, multilingual, mini LM, all MPNet based to B2, then mini LML6,
Sunny Savita: Then from the BEAI repository, it's a very famous model, guys, okay? Then you can see from the Quen, again, it is a Chinese model, I think. Then, see, this is a German model, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then you can see, again, it's a Chinese model.
Sunny Savita: Alibaba, again, it's a Chinese model. So many models, you will get it over here. So many models, you will get it over here.
Sunny Savita: Even you can, put some, basically, filter also over here to figure out the model, according to your requirement, right? Whatever model is required to you.
Sunny Savita: According to that, you put the filter over here, right?
Sunny Savita: So, I can provide you this link also, just a second.
Sunny Savita: go through with all the model. Because all the model, actually, it is based on the transformer. How India is doing?
Sunny Savita: You know better, huh?
Sunny Savita: Any Indian model? Let's find out together, then. Just, just, just check out with the page, right? Other different, different pages.
Sunny Savita: Actually, see, to build up all this thing,
Sunny Savita: Like, we require the huge resources, okay?
Sunny Savita: And Indians is not with that mentality.
Sunny Savita: They don't want to be invested on research.
Sunny Savita: They don't want to be invested on the infrastructure. They just wanted to get, like, the comfortable, the…
Sunny Savita: what I can say.
Sunny Savita: the job, right? I mean, they just wanted to work for the different, different client. That is, like, experience for them only. They want… don't want to be, like,
Sunny Savita: invest on the research, on their own info, and the learning and all. That's a, like, bigger hurdle. See, this is not a fault yours and mine. It is a, like, a fault of the entire ecosystem, actually.
Sunny Savita: Indians are not… Indians are not having that innovative mindset. They… definitely, they are having a very good and critical thinking, right? Very logical thinking. That's why people are working in very good company, and they are a part of the very big system as well, right? But, again.
Sunny Savita: In India, that ecosystem is still not there. It will take a time. I think government and the bigger enterprise will have to take some initiative for that.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Yup.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here you can see we have a several model, okay? Now, guys,
Sunny Savita: One question to all of you. This is an open source model, or is this a closed one?
Sunny Savita: We'll have to pay for this model.
Sunny Savita: This is the open source model.
Sunny Savita: This is the open source model. And how to download this model? So, from the Hugging Face Hub, we can download this model, okay? Now, if you wanted to get a detail of any model, now, if you will check out with our practical.
Sunny Savita: So, this was our model. Yes or no, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: So just check out the detail of it.
Sunny Savita: Just click on this one, this repository, this particular model, and see the detail.
Sunny Savita: Just read out over here what they have written. Can you guys read it out from here?
Sunny Savita: So, this is a sentence transformer model. It maps sentence and paragraph into 384 dimension dense vector space. So, guys, are we getting the 384 dimension vector?
Sunny Savita: So, are we getting the 384 dimension vector? Yes. Can we use for tasks like clustering the semantic search? So, where we are going to be using this semantic search? Are we going to be using this semantic search inside the rack system?
Sunny Savita: Yes, guys.
Sunny Savita: So, have you seen inside the rag, when people are creating a rag, they are going to be used this particular model in their retrieval pipeline, in their embedding pipeline?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes, people are using that, okay? If you don't have any idea in Rec, we'll discuss in a detail. What is the meaning of clustering? Cluster means grouping. Based on the similarity, we can group the data. That is called the clustering, okay? So you can read the complete detail about this model over here. You can check out the practical implementation and all, everything.
Sunny Savita: Even they have given, like, on which data set this model have been trained. Okay, how this model have been trained.
Sunny Savita: So, the project aimed to train sentence-embedding model on very large sentence-level data set using the self-supervised contrastive learning objective. Now, guys, one more question to all of you. Can we train this particular model from scratch?
Sunny Savita: Can we train this particular model from scratch?
Sunny Savita: No, guys. See, we can train it, but again, those models will not give us very good accuracy, because that will be the small one. If we want to train a huge model for that, the huge infrastructure will be required. Now, one more thing, guys. Can we fine-tune the model?
Sunny Savita: Can we fine-tune the model on our own dataset? Yes, you are right. We can fine-tune the model on our own dataset, that is possible. So, when I will teach you the fine-tuning, guys, tell me, see here, they have given you the guide for the fine-tuning also.
Sunny Savita: Okay, they have given you the guide for the fine-tuning also. See, this is the complete guide for the fine-tuning. So, where we will understand the fine-tuning, inside the upcoming classes, guys, we'll understand about the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: Now, who has created this particular model? You can check out this complete detail and all over here. You will understand about the owner and all everything.
Sunny Savita: and what all other models we have, you will understand about the different, different parameters and all, every sort of information they have given to you. If you are not very familiar with this particular portal, guys, don't worry. In the upcoming session, we are going to be discuss all this thing in a very, very detail.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is the Hugging Face portal.
Sunny Savita: This is what? This is the Hugging Face portal, okay? So if I fine-tune the open source model, will my data be secured? Yes, it will be secured, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, you can see, this is a complete detail or not. Now, can we check out with the OpenAI also? So, right over here, OpenAI documentation, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, OpenAI documentation. So, once you will open the OpenAI documentation, this one, this is the OpenAI documentation. Can you see, guys, this OpenAI documentation?
Sunny Savita: So, did they also provide us the embedding model?
Sunny Savita: Did they also provide the embedding model? Yes. Where you will get it? Just click on the models here.
Sunny Savita: Now, scroll down over here, scroll down. Now, just click over here, view all the models, okay? Now, see, there is all the model from the OpenAI, regarding the different, different tasks and all, they have provided you the model over here. Now, once you will scroll down, you will find out something.
Sunny Savita: Can you see this model, guys? Where is the embedding model? Maybe it would be over here.
Sunny Savita: Can you… yeah, can you see over here, guys? See this one?
Sunny Savita: This one. Can you see this one?
Sunny Savita: Can you see this one?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Now, one more thing, guys. It is an open source one, it is a closed source one.
Sunny Savita: Paid hai ke close hai. Is it a close or paid one?
Sunny Savita: It is a paid model. Paid AI, paid high, open AI free money, it is a paid model.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Okay.
Sunny Savita: And can we check out, can we check out with, Google also? So if I'm going to be search over here, Google AI Studio, okay?
Sunny Savita: Google AI Studio. Now, once I will search this Google AI Studio, see, this is the Google AI Studio, guys, this one.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, once we will open the Google AI Studio, can you see over here, this documentation option?
Sunny Savita: Now, just click over the documentation, right? So, where is the documentation? Yeah, here is the documentation. Now, just, check out over here, left-hand side. See, this is the model, all the model, okay? Now, guys, tell me.
Sunny Savita: This is all the model, okay? If I will open the model, see, here is the embedding model. Where is the embedding model? Let me check, see, this is the embedding model.
Sunny Savita: Can you see this embedding model? Is it visible to all of you, this one?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible to all of you? So they are giving us a model for every sort of a task. Even you can embed the… even you can embed the different, different other type of data also, like images, audio, video.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, is this free model, or it is a paid model? This Jiminy model is a paid model?
Sunny Savita: So, till some extent, it is free.
Sunny Savita: Till some extent, through the Jiminy API, it is free, but after that, it is paid.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: After that, guys, it is going to be paid.
Sunny Savita: Till some extent, it is free.
Sunny Savita: And after that, it is going to be paid.
Sunny Savita: Now, if we're talking about the Vertex AI, do you know about the Vertex AI?
Sunny Savita: Vertex AI, actually, it is a platform of the Google. So, Vertex AI is also providing as a model, but that is a paid, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It is similar to the Azure Cloud Foundry, it is similar to the AWS Bedrock and all.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, as of now, I'm talking about the embedding model, the SOTA embedding model. Now, one question to all of you guys.
Sunny Savita: One question to all of you. Whether it is a sentence transformer.
Sunny Savita: Whether it is a sentence transformer, Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Okay, whether it's a sentence transformer, or model from the OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: or model from the Gemini API.
Sunny Savita: Okay, our model from the Claude.
Sunny Savita: Cloud API embedding model. As of now, I'm talking about the embedding model.
Sunny Savita: I'm not talking about the language model as of now, no. Okay?
Sunny Savita: This we'll discuss later on. As of now, we are just going to be discuss the embedding model. We are just talking about the embedding model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this one. Now, guys, tell me, is this all the models are based on the transformer model?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So this, all the model, whether the language model or any embedding model, it is trained on top of this transformer only.
Sunny Savita: Correct, guys.
Sunny Savita: So this is only called the… Sorta… embedding… model. SOTA embedding model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Those are only called the SOTA embedding model. Now, guys, no one can go through with every model, no one can understand the architecture of every model, it is a difficult thing. Okay? No one, guys. In world, no one.
Sunny Savita: Except God, right? So, what we will do, guys, we'll understand, we'll focus over the transformer architecture.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: We'll focus over the transformer architecture, so we'll understand how the language model is also working, and embedding model, means how the embedding is also being generated using this particular model. But no need to understand the architecture of every model and every, basically training pipeline and all, okay? So, we'll focus
Sunny Savita: Now, we'll focus over the transformer itself. Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, let's do one thing, guys. Let's access the different other model. Let's see whether we can, encode the data using those models or not. Now, guys, can we completely focus on the practical now?
Sunny Savita: Can we completely focus on the practical now, with the different, different models and all?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay. And then after that, guys, we'll come over here, we'll understand the differences. See, here I capped one differences for all of you. Now, what is the differences between the…
Sunny Savita: Encoding, and this word-to-back technique, and then this transformer on-coding technique. Okay? And then, guys, we'll understand how to select a best model, how to select the best embedding model.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me?
Sunny Savita: Ha, bilkul break by. Bilkul break dengue Bishal, don't worry, okay?
Sunny Savita: So we'll understand about this, how to select the best embedding model.
Sunny Savita: So, any differences between the language model and embedding model? Yes. In terms of data is different, no?
Sunny Savita: Language model is being trained on a different data. Embedding model is being trained on a different type of data.
Sunny Savita: A different type of data means what? Pre-training, everything will be same, but whenever we are doing a supervised fine-tuning, at one side, we are having sentence, on the other side, we have an embedding, means the numbers of that, okay?
Sunny Savita: on that type of data, basically, that model is being trained. The loss function and all is different over there, similar to the neural network. Neural network is being, used for the text classif… sorry, for the classification, for the regression, but again, it is… it can be used for the embedding also, but two-back embedding. Similar to… the similar thing is over here as well.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys. So, let's focus on the practical now, but between that, I will give you the dinner break, then only we'll start. So, I'm putting a timer for the 15 minute, guys. We'll start after 15 minutes. Thank you, everyone. We'll join after 15 minutes.
Sunny Savita: Yes, SFTRLHF training, we'll discuss that. Okay, Seva, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: Are there any coding models separately? No, we are not going to be write a scratch code of the model, okay? We'll use the API for that model.
Sunny Savita: Hugging Face, OpenAI API, another one.
Sunny Savita: Nice.
Sunny Savita: Is SOTA model completed? No, we'll discuss that now. Pooja, after the break, we'll discuss.
Sunny Savita: We'll focus over the practical now.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine. Thank you, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, let's start, if you are there, please let me know.
Sunny Savita: Can we start it again?
Sunny Savita: Yes, we are going to discuss the attention mechanism also. Don't worry, I'll discuss the attention mechanism, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, guys, how many of you, you are able to access this model?
Sunny Savita: this one. Mini… all mini LML L6P2.
Sunny Savita: Have you tried to load this model inside your local? If your system configuration is low.
Sunny Savita: If your system configuration is low, means if you don't have much RAM and all, then you can load it over the collab also, okay? You can use the Google Collab in that case.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: So, do you interview question PDF? Yes, I'll provide you that. Later on, I'll provide you. So, how to execute it? Let me give you the complete guide, what you have to do. So, first of all, guys, see, if you will go and check in the requirement.txt, I have updated one more package over here.
Sunny Savita: So, the package name is what? Py YAML. Okay, so sentence transformer in a backend, I don't know, it is using this particular package, Py YAML. So, please, install this package also.
Sunny Savita: pyaml package, okay? Right, ubpip install hyphen r requirement.txt, use my requirement.txt, this complete one.
Sunny Savita: And then, guys, you can install it again.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: you can install this requirement.txt inside your virtual environment again. Now, this is the one thing. See, inside this requirement.txt, we have this sentence transformer model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so sentence transformer module, this one.
Sunny Savita: Pyaml, actually, it is required for the YAML, actually. If you are using the YAML file inside your code and all, for that it is required.
Sunny Savita: But when I was importing the sentence transformer now, it was giving me the error, that for sentence transformer in backend, this, in backend, basically, it is… somewhere it is using the YAML, right? So that's why you will have to install this Py YAML if it is not there inside your current virtual environment, okay? That's it, guys. Otherwise, right now, we are not actively, using this Py YAML or YAML.
Sunny Savita: We'll do it whenever we will do the end-to-end project, na? At that time, I will show you the use of the YAML and the JSON file, okay? Great.
Sunny Savita: So, the very first thing, guys, you have to update your requirement.txt, and you have to install the current and the latest requirement.txt. Got it? Now, after that, guys, what you have to do, see? I'm able to… see, this model, actually, it is being loaded from the Hugging Face, from the Hugging Face Hub.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so if you are not able to load it, guys, maybe you require the Hugging Face token.
Sunny Savita: So, how to generate that Hugging Face token? Now, let me tell you that, okay? Not only the Hugging Face token, I'll show you the OpenAI one, and the second is the Jimny one, okay? Three… all the three tokens, I'm going to be generate now.
Sunny Savita: So, I'm going to be open my notepad, and there I'm going to be collect all the required tokens. So, just give me a moment, let me open my notepad.
Sunny Savita: No, Hugging Face is not paid. Freely, you can use their model and all.
Sunny Savita: It is paid, actually, but not completely. I mean, still to some extent, you can utilize that, okay? They are having the enterprise version and all.
Sunny Savita: Why token is required? Pranavji, token is required to install the model, to download the model, to upload the model over the hugging Face, right? Why your phone number is required? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: get the incoming call, outgoing call, right? That phone number, basically, is required for what? Incoming and the outgoing call.
Sunny Savita: Similar to that, the token is required to connect with the Hugging Face, to upload the model, or to download the model. As simple as that. Got it, Pranav?
Sunny Savita: Okay, no worries. So, just a second, let me check what this token is called. I capped it somewhere.
Sunny Savita: with which name, actually, I need to keep it.
Sunny Savita: For free model also, you need it, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we required, guys, 3 tokens. The first is called the Hugging Face, okay? Hugging Face token, let me open my, notepad. And guys, I'm not going to share my token with you, you will have to generate your own token. So the first token is going to be HF token.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we'll generate this particular token. Then the second token is going to be, OpenAI token, okay? So, let me keep the OpenAI token also over here.
Sunny Savita: This one. OpenAI API key for reading the OpenAI model, OpenAI-based model. So this is going to be used a lot inside our entire Genitive AI bootcamp, right, because if you wanted to load the OpenAI-based model, then this OpenAI key will be required over there. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Then, the next one is going to be the Jimny API key, right? So, Jiminy, or the Google API key, is also be required. So, see, I already kept this Google API key. I'll show you how to generate this Google API key.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, to load the model from the different, different platform, right, we required their API key, we required their token. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, if we're talking about the Hugging Face one, it is free. You don't need to pay anything for the Hugging Face. If we're talking about the OpenAI API key, it is paid one. If we're talking about the Google one, it is a free one, okay?
Sunny Savita: So what I can do, I can write over here, this, Hugging Face token, actually, it is a free one.
Sunny Savita: Now, this OpenAI token is a paid one, okay? You will have to pay for this one. Now, we're talking about this Google API key, it is a free one.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So let's generate the Hugging Face token first. So for that, what you have to do, guys, you just have to write the HF inside, or Hugging Face, inside your browser.
Sunny Savita: Any browser you can open, any browser you can use. So what you will do, guys, you will write the Hugging Face. Now, see, this is the home page of the Hugging Face. Now, here, right-hand side, you can see this profile icon. Are you able to see this profile icon?
Sunny Savita: What about the Claude? Claude will understand later on, Prabhat. So, if you will check out with the syllabus na.
Sunny Savita: Inside the syllabus, we kept the complete one complete module for the cloud only.
Sunny Savita: Just check out the syllabus, okay? This is the syllabus.
Sunny Savita: So, one complete, module for the cloud only, we'll understand that later on. So, here, guys, you can see, right-hand side, you can see the profile icon. Is it visible to everyone, this profile icon?
Sunny Savita: Just click over here.
Sunny Savita: And after that, what you have to do, you just have to click on this setting.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Or access token. Setting, here they are giving the direct option, the access token. Just click on this access token.
Sunny Savita: It is asking to me a password, so please confirm with your password. Now, see, guys, this is the access token.
Sunny Savita: Can you getting my point? Yes or no? So, you can generate the read token, write token, even you can generate the fine-grained token. Fine-grained token means what? You can give the specific permission to that token. Means how many people wanted to access that, whether it is going to be used for the read, write, everything, basically, you can mention.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, yes or no? Is it getting clear to all of you? Yes. You will have to purchase the OpenAI token, correct. So that's why I'm giving you the multiple option.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So that's why, guys, we are exploring the multiple options. So let's say, if you are not able to get… if you are not able to take
Sunny Savita: OpenAI subscription.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Subscription. Then use the free one, no? Then use free one.
Sunny Savita: If you're not able to use the… if you're not able to, like, use the… sorry, if you're not able to get the OpenAI subscription, use the free access, free model, because as of now, we are just doing learning. We are not going to be productionized any application where this, accuracy matters a lot and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great, guys. Yes, Grok API is free, so in the upcoming session, guys, I will discuss about the Grok API, I'll discuss about the open router, okay? And I have one more thing for all of you today, guys. So, don't leave this session at, 10 o'clock, I will show you that, okay? We have one Mesh API.
Sunny Savita: So we get the access of that mesh API, actually, from one of the vendors, from one of our vendors, actually. So they promised to us, actually, to provide the credit and all, so I wanted to provide… I wanted to show you that if someone is building a RAG, or someone is building an agent, someone is using a different, different LLM,
Sunny Savita: you can utilize it from those Mesh API, okay? I will, show you that in some time.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? No, over here, see.
Sunny Savita: Grok API Open Router, we'll discuss that in the upcoming session. So, this is the… where… this is the place where you can generate the token, guys, so I'm providing you this particular link inside the chat itself.
Sunny Savita: So, please, take open this link, and even I will provide you.
Sunny Savita: Inside the resource section, okay? You just need to write the hugging Face, and you will get that. Now, just click over here, just click over here, this Create New Token. Now, just write the name of the token over here. So, you can write the name, let's say my name is the… what is the name? I can write any name. So, Gen AI.
Sunny Savita: Live.
Sunny Savita: bootcamp.
Sunny Savita: badge, okay? So, this token, basically, it's for the GenAI Live Bootcamp badge. Now, what are kind of permissions? See, here I can provide the multiple permission. Fine grid means what? I can provide the multiple, different, different kind of permission, the customized permission. Okay, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, if I wanted to provide, multiple permission, if I wanted to customize my permission, I will use this FindGrain option. But as of now, we are just going to be read the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So I will select this read option for reading the model. If I wanted to keep the model over the hugging Face, I can use this particular option, okay? The write option, write token. So, either I can use this fine-grade, right?
Sunny Savita: So, I will discuss that in a hugging Face chapter, once I'll come to the fine-tuning and all. The second is a read one, and third is a write one. So, as of now, I'm just going to be download the model, so I'm just going to be used with the read permission. But once I will come to the fine-tuning, there I will show you how to host your model over the hugging phase, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, at that time, guys, we'll explore about the write capability also. So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be create a token. So, my token will be created. See, this is a token, guys. I will just copy this token, and I will keep it inside my notepad, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this is the token. Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear to all of you? Now, I will show you with a Google API key, okay? Google API key. So, should we choose the read or write? Choose the read one, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here I can write.
Sunny Savita: Choose?
Sunny Savita: read option. I will provide you all the link and all, if you're not able to find out that. I'll keep all the link over the Notion, and I'll provide you that, okay? In some time.
Sunny Savita: So, here is what, guys? Here is a HF token. Now, tell me how many people are able to generate this Hugging Face token.
Sunny Savita: If you are able to generate this Hugging Face token, I think you are good to go. If you're not able to generate it, do it later on, okay? Just learn it over here, and do it later on. Now, let's try to generate a token from the Google one. So, this is the, like, homepage of the Google, guys, of the Jimny API.
Sunny Savita: Now, what do you have to do over here? So, can you see this get an API key option? This one?
Sunny Savita: this one, get an API key option. So just click over here, just click over here, get an API key.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now see, it is giving you the option for generate the API key.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, if you are able to load without the hugging Face, without the Hugging Face token, it is well and good, Chandan, okay? But I'm showing you the safer option, means someone is getting an issue error. In that case, you might, set this hugging phase, like, variable as an environment variable, right?
Sunny Savita: So, here you can see, guys, because, see, sentence stands for, maybe it is not required, the Hugging Face token. But guys, the other one, the other, method of the Hugging Face.
Sunny Savita: like TRL, or low, this one, like, CausalLM and all, right? The different other, methods, the different other classes, it is required, the Hugging Face token, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now guys, can you, okay, can you also get the Claude API token? Claude will discuss later on, na, Arunji will discuss later on. Should I write somewhere the disclaimer?
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss later on the call. Here, I have kept the specific chapter, because I know the importance of the cloud.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: So, Claude wala, baad meh deking, okay? Thoda explore karne ke baad, we'll come to the cloud and all.
Sunny Savita: Once I'll discuss the rag and all. After the rag, see, clot autonomous bustery.
Sunny Savita: this.
Sunny Savita: Cloud Auto Automation Mastery.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Great. So, what I'm doing, guys, here, you can see, so we have this, Google now. Okay, I'm going to be generating a Google API token now.
Sunny Savita: So, wait. Here, how I can generate, I just need to click on this API key, over the Google AI Studio, and I will get this option. Now, just click over here, create API key.
Sunny Savita: Okay, write your API key name, whatever you can write. Let's say test API key, something like that, okay? Test API key. Then what I will do, guys, I will choose an imported, project, okay? So by default, you will get an option over here, one of the options. If you're not getting that, you can create the project even.
Sunny Savita: Okay, even you can create the project, but yeah, by default, you can choose this generative language client. Now what you will do, guys, you will click on this create key. Now, see, this is a key, guys. I'm able to get my key.
Sunny Savita: The key is being generated. See, this is the key, guys. API key.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this one. So you will just copy this key, and where you will keep it, so after copying this key, guys, you will keep this key inside. You will just keep it over here. You will assign to this particular variable.
Sunny Savita: Now, let me show you the OpenAI API key, how you will get the OpenAI API key. So, guys, this is the OpenAI documentation. Now, left-hand side, over the OpenAI documentation, you will get the Quick Start option, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, just click over here, and see, here is the option to create an API key. Now, just click over here. This one, create an API key. Now, here it will ask you the email, okay, with which email, actually, you wanted to log in.
Sunny Savita: So, here I want… I'm going to be continuing with the Google, so let me continue with the Google, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, I'm just going to be continued with the Google, see?
Sunny Savita: What I'm getting, now I'm getting an option to generate the API key. I already generated one API key, I'm using that, but yeah, I can generate the API key over here, I will just create the API key.
Sunny Savita: I will write the name over here, okay? And after that, I can generate the secret.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. Is it getting clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me. Yes or no. Yes or no, guys. It is paid? Yes, it is paid, guys. You will have to put some money over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you will have to put some money over here, then only you can use it. So, as of now, guys, I'm not going to be teaching you how to keep the money and all. We'll discuss it in a upcoming module, but yeah, I'm just showing you for reading the embedding model.
Sunny Savita: If someone is not able to generate the API key, sorry, if someone is not able to use the OpenAI key and all, don't worry, guys, because it's still… we have two API key, okay? Two free API key, this one.
Sunny Savita: One is a Hugging Face token, and second is a Google API key. Making sense and all?
Sunny Savita: Search would be… search under it and share the API key.
Sunny Savita: I will bankrupt, huh?
Sunny Savita: Over the night, guys, I will bankrupt.
Sunny Savita: Means my entire salary, my entire earning, huh? Everything will go inside the API keyboard only.
Sunny Savita: So, better, you can generate, and you can use that.
Sunny Savita: Sir, please explain the fine-grained read and write. Read, write for reading the model, write for writing the model over the Hugging Face Hub. Fine-grade, basically, for giving some customized, for giving some customized, permission.
Sunny Savita: So, this thing we are going to be discussing the upcoming module, which is going to be a fine-tuning, okay? Unsalot and Hugging Face, two modules there for the fine-tuning.
Sunny Savita: We'll discuss that in a fine-tuning chapter, okay? Sudhav, we'll discuss that in a detail.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, I hope you have generated all the API keys. Please let me know.
Sunny Savita: See, inside, I think my account, I have some money. I capped some money inside this account. I'll show you that, guys, in the upcoming module, I'll discuss onto it. Okay, so here is a option, go to the billing.
Sunny Savita: I can keep some money over here, add payment details. Okay, I have a, like, money in some different account, okay? I have one more account, there I kept the money, actually.
Sunny Savita: I added $10 of money, just to teach you the thing, guys, okay? Matlab, how much? 900 rupees.
Sunny Savita: So, I can… what I can do, guys, I can add the payment detail, and then I can add the money over here. Very, very simple thing. Nothing is here, right? So, this is fine. Now, I can provide you this entire link, so I can open my Notion.
Sunny Savita: Someone is saying, rich sunny, sir. No. Not… no years, I'm not rich. So, what I'm doing, guys, I can create a new one. So, here, my class. What is the class number, guys? Can anyone tell me the class number?
Sunny Savita: the class is going to be, I think it is 08, right?
Sunny Savita: So, it is 8th one, so 08.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is 08 class, and the date is what? The date is the 18th April.
Sunny Savita: So, date is, what, 18 upper. Now, guys, I can keep all the links over here. So, the first one is going to be a sentence transformer.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, let me keep it over here.
Sunny Savita: Just a sec.
Sunny Savita: So, here is what, here I have the sentence transformer.
Sunny Savita: Then, guys, I'll share this, you want this also? This repository? Okay, I can share this also.
Sunny Savita: So, sentence transformer model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, sentence transformer model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now guys, I can keep this OpenAI API key also.
Sunny Savita: So… OpenA… generate OpenAI key from here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, then, guys, I can give you this link also.
Sunny Savita: this Google, like, Jiminy API key, so generate Jiminy API key from here.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: generate a Gemini API.
Sunny Savita: K.
Sunny Savita: from here.
Sunny Savita: Right? Then guys, I can give you the option for the Hugging Face token. I can give you the link of the Hugging Face also.
Sunny Savita: So, generate Hugging Face token from here.
Sunny Savita: And keep this link with you, because it is going to be useful again in the upcoming session.
Sunny Savita: Trended Hugging Face token.
Sunny Savita: From here, guys.
Sunny Savita: And now, guys, we have entered into the generative AI world. So, yeah, this is the most important one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so now I'm going to be sharing this Notional link with all of you, so that you can all access.
Sunny Savita: Okay. I'm sharing it inside the chat itself.
Sunny Savita: Got it. Can you give me a quick confirmation in the chat, if you're able to get it then?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: So, giving you one minute of break, guys, then I will show you the further practical.
Sunny Savita: Please push it to the GitHub, yes, at the end I will do that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So guys, are you enjoying learning with me? Are you learning something with me?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. Open router, Grok, the other one, I will show you that later on, okay?
Sunny Savita: Oh, you run out with a free notion, fine, I cannot use the…
Sunny Savita: AI of this notional… see, this is the slash…
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine, no worries. I think you can see this clearly. So, guys, I'm giving you one minute of time, you can take it, you can take this entire key and all. Now, I'll, show you, okay, how to use this API key and all.
Sunny Savita: So, first of all, see, this file is only required. Inside this only, we are going to write the entire code and all. So, already, we have loaded the model from the sentence transformer. I will show you how to load it from the OpenAI and the Google API, okay?
Sunny Savita: Read access, okay, read access.
Sunny Savita: So, I've already given you the required .txt, please check.
Sunny Savita: Guys, I'm giving you one minute of break, quick break, water break, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so let's start, let's begin. I hope everyone is there.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so first of all, guys, what you have to do, you have to create one .env file.
Sunny Savita: I hope you generated the key and all, guys. Tell me yes.
Sunny Savita: Have you generated the key and all?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: So, what I am going to do, guys, I'm going to be create a… see, I created a file.env, so you have to create this .env file.
Sunny Savita: Now, inside this .env file, guys, you have to create this, OpenAI API key variable, Google API key, and the next one is going to be what? hf underscore token, okay? So this, is required.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, what I'll do, guys, I'll keep this HF token also over here, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I kept this HF token also over here. Now see, all the three keys are there. Now, what I will do, guys, I will set it as an environment variable. So I'll write over here, import.
Sunny Savita: OS.
Sunny Savita: Okay, then what I'll do, guys, I'll write over here os.getenv.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the one. This is for the Google API one.
Sunny Savita: This is, okay, for the Google…
Sunny Savita: OS.environment, hugging FaceToken, okay, this is fine.
Sunny Savita: Automatically generating a code for me, and yeah, this is fine. So, likewise, guys, what we will do, we will read the API key, okay, we will read the API key from where? We will read the API key from the .env file.
Sunny Savita: And after reading it, guys, I will set it as an environment variable. Is it clear to all of you? Is this part clear to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes, okay, so we are going to be set it as an environment variable.
Sunny Savita: No, you can write any name, Arvind, okay? Naming convention is not going to be met. Now, what I'll do, guys, I'll restart the kernel.
Sunny Savita: Let me restart the kernel. Okay, now this line should be at the first place, so whenever you are writing a code, it's starting a code. So just keep this line, just take this line, just keep this line at the first place, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here, what I'm going to do, guys, I'm just going to be at the environment variable, I'm just going to be read the environment variable from .env5, and I'm just going to be set it over here, alright? So, let me run it, let me execute it.
Sunny Savita: So my environment variable is set, okay? My environment variable is set. Even you can check that. If you will run it, see, os.getenv, you will get your ENV key over here. See? This one.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, you will get your Google API key. If you will run this, os.getenv, okay, so you will get your HF token.
Sunny Savita: So you are going to be set this particular keys, you are going to be set this particular token over here, okay, as an environment variable.
Sunny Savita: env is a file, and ENV is a directory. Correct, you are right. Okay? So I'm going to delete it, otherwise this GitHub will show me the error that you cannot paste any API key, right? So, now what I'm doing, guys, see, after setting it up, again, I'm loading the sentence transformer. It was even working earlier, but again, I'm doing that.
Sunny Savita: And after that, guys, I'm loading this model, okay? And see, I can pass my text, and I can encode that. So, see, I'm able to encode the text.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so see, this is the embedding, guys, which I'm able to get. Okay, I can try out any sort of a model, any different, different, different, different model, basically, we can try out. Okay? So, see, this is my sentence. Now what I can do, I can pass it to this particular model, open sourceembitting.model.encode.
Sunny Savita: Now, see, I'm able to generate the embedding, okay? And the shape of this particular model is going to be what?
Sunny Savita: 384. So, when will you teach the embed transform model? But this is the last one, Scion, OpenAI model and the Jimny model. After that only, we are coming over there, okay? As I told you, at the end of this session, or maybe tomorrow, okay? Don't worry. But yeah, from here, basically.
Sunny Savita: We have started our, main generative AI journey, the transformer one and all.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, you can see, we are going to be encoding the paragraph, and see, here is the embedding, the embedding shape, and even you can see the shape of the embedding. Now, why this dimension is 384? Because the model, which is print, right, it is giving us a 384 feature.
Sunny Savita: it is giving us a 384 feature. So whatever you will provide, whatever word, sentence, or whatever paragraph you will provide, so all that particular text, all that particular paragraph, okay, all that particular sentence and all, it is being converted into the 384 features.
Sunny Savita: Okay, 384 dimension vector. Getting my point, guys? Great. Now, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be using the different other model. Now, why no zeros? Because it is a dense vector, no?
Sunny Savita: Okay, it is a dense vector, that's why there is no zero. Now, guys, what I'll do, guys, I'm going to be import the different other model. So, let me import the model from the Gemini also. So, what I'm doing, guys.
Sunny Savita: Just, just give me a second, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys. So, now over here, you can see what we have. We are going to be import this Google Generative AI embedding class, right?
Sunny Savita: So, once I will import it, now I will create an object of it, okay? So, here, what I will do, I will pass my model name. So, we have a different, different model, actually. So, this is one of the models from the Google, okay? What is the model name, guys? Jimree Embedding 001. Now here, what I will do, guys, I am going to be,
Sunny Savita: keep this model inside one variable. So this is my variable, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will do, I will…
Sunny Savita: take this model, and I will embed my query, okay? Now, this particular model, guys, I'm going to be loaded from the Langchain Google Genitive AI, okay? From here only, we are going to be import this particular class.
Sunny Savita: And inside the class, guys, I'm passing the model name, okay, and I'm able to create the object of it. So I'm able to get my model. Now, here, what I will do, I will simply write…
Sunny Savita: this model name, and embed query. So whatever query I'm going to be provide to this one, okay, to this particular model, what I will get, guys, I will get the embedding of it. See?
Sunny Savita: Am I getting embedding of it? Tell me yes or no. This one?
Sunny Savita: I just provided a sentence to this particular model, and I'm getting an embedding. Now, you can check the length of this particular embedding, so here I can keep it inside the variable.
Sunny Savita: This is my variable, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will do, guys, I will check the length of this embedding. So, let's see what is the dimension size of this particular model, okay? In how many dimensions this model is converting my data. So, if I will pass this length, or… sorry, if I will pass this embedding to this length function, now you will get the length. So what is the size, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: 3072.
Sunny Savita: means the vector is being, generated, guys. The vector is being generated, right? So the size of the vector, actually, it is going to be 3072.
Sunny Savita: Making sense? Yes or no? So, actually, what it is doing, it is going to be convert my sentence into 3072 dimension vector.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And in this particular vector only, it's going to be keep the complete information of it. Now, guys, similar to that, I can utilize the Google OpenAI embedding also, okay? So for that, what I will do, I will write over here, from…
Sunny Savita: Chrome.
Sunny Savita: Langchain OpenAI.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And this OpenAI embedding. Now, what I will do, I'll take this particular class, and I will pass my model name. So, OpenAI is also providing me a different, different model, right? OpenAI is also providing me a different, different model, as I've shown you.
Sunny Savita: So I can write any sort of a model name over here. So I can, use the large model, small model, and all. So, let's use the large model. Okay, this one. Model is equal to text embedding 3 large model. So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be initiate this model. I'm just going to be keep it inside the variable.
Sunny Savita: So, this is going to be what? This is going to be my OpenAI embedding model. Now, what I will do, guys, I'll take this particular model, okay, and then I will… I will call that method.
Sunny Savita: Method name is what? Embed query, okay? So here, I'm passing a sentence. Now let's see, guys, what I will be getting. So here, guys, I'm going to be run it, I'm going to be executed, and see, guys, I'm getting an embedding of it. I'm getting an embedding of my sentence.
Sunny Savita: So either you can provide a simple word, either you can provide a complete sentence, or either you can provide a complete paragraph, means the one single document, the entire document, in a single shot. Everything basically will be converted into where? Everything will be converted into the numbers only.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Getting my point, guys? Now, here, if I wanted to check the shape of the embedding, so what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be keep it inside the variable.
Sunny Savita: So, this is a variable, guys. I'm just going to be keep this particular embedding. Now, over here, if I will run it, guys, see, I will get the shape of it. So, if I will call the shape, okay, list attribute is not having shape. No worries, guys. What I can do, I can call the length method on top of it.
Sunny Savita: So if I will check the length of this particular embedding, so what is going to be a length, guys? See, again, the length of this model, again, it's a 3072. Even I can check with a different other model from the OpenAI. So here, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be take a different model. Let's say I'm going to be take a small model over here.
Sunny Savita: Right? A small model. Now, OpenAI embedding is small model. Now, tell me, guys, the embedding size is going to be more than 3072, or it is going to be less than 3072?
Sunny Savita: Can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: it's going to be less than 3072, okay? So let me execute it, guys, and here what I can do. I can take this particular model, and I can write over here, embed query, and see, guys, it is able to convert my data into where? Into the numbers.
Sunny Savita: Now, the same kind of data we are going to be used inside our rack system for retrieval process, okay? So, this is what, guys, this is my embedding. Now, I can check the length of it. So, here, if I'm going to be check the length of it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now see, guys, what is the length of this small model? Can you tell me, guys, what is the length of this small model?
Sunny Savita: The length of this small model is going to be 1536. Have you heard about the vector database, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Can we check what is the real text meaning of the meaning of the embedding written by the model?
Sunny Savita: No, we are going to be convert the sentence into the number now, right?
Sunny Savita: How you are thinking about all this thing, Rajanesh, huh?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, have you heard about the vector databases? So the same thing, actually, we are going to be stored inside the vector databases. We are going to be stored this embedding only, this vector only.
Sunny Savita: inside the vector data basis, okay? We'll discuss that in a rack chapter. As of now, we are just into the embedding, into the sorta embedding, transformer-based embedding.
Sunny Savita: So, we are just exploring the different, different model of the embedding. That's it, guys. Now, over here, guys, can you tell me, so far, what type of data we are converting into the embedding?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: what kind of data we are going to be converted into the embedding? Text data. So, can we convert the image data also into the embedding?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Can we convert the image data also into the embedding? Yes, we can convert the image data also into the embedding.
Sunny Savita: So for that, guys, what I'm going to do here, I'm going to be create a folder, just focus over here.
Sunny Savita: I'm going to create a folder over here, inside this particular folder. My folder name is going to be Image, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, let's save one image over here. So what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going through with a Google, and I'm searching over here. So, tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: what image I can search over here? Which image I can search over here?
Sunny Savita: what image?
Sunny Savita: Your image, my image… loin image.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's search about Sunny Savita. Let's see whether my image is coming or not.
Sunny Savita: So if I'm searching my name, na, I think I am not getting my image. Maybe someone… okay, here is one of my image, guys, this one.
Sunny Savita: So, this is my image, and I think, see, it is uploaded on some, like, some website. Okay, what is this? Contactout.com. See, there are more of my images, this one. This is my images only.
Sunny Savita: So, I can save this image, okay? So, let me save this image, save image as. Now, where I'm going to be save this particular image, I'm going to save this image inside the same folder, okay? Oh, let me copy it, wait, let me copy… okay, I'm going to be save as, just a second, guys.
Sunny Savita: I'm going to be saved as this image.
Sunny Savita: So I'm going to be save it where inside the same folder, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, this is a folder, guys, this one, and I'm going to be save it. So, what I can do, what I can keep the name, what name I can keep over here? It is a web app file, no?
Sunny Savita: Okay, it's fine. Let's see whether I'm able to convert the web app file or not. So, I'm going to be write the name Sunny, Sunny, and then this is done. Okay, so I'm able to convert it, or else what I can do, guys, if PNG… okay, let me do one thing.
Sunny Savita: Let me save it as a PNG, okay? I'm taking a screenshot of it.
Sunny Savita: And I'm just going to be save it again as a PNG. Okay, wait, guys.
Sunny Savita: Because maybe web file might give the issue, so I'm saving it as a PNG file.
Sunny Savita: So, just a second, here is the… Sunny?
Sunny Savita: So, with them.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, I saved my image as a PNG file, and I'm going to be… convert this particular data into where, into the numbers. So, can you tell me, guys, can I convert this particular data into the numbers?
Sunny Savita: Sir, below your image, I can see the Sakti Kapoor photo.
Sunny Savita: But, I'm not a billion, okay, Rajanese?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so here you can see I saved my image, Sunny Savita PNG, this is me.
Sunny Savita: Now let me keep it over here. First of all, let me delete this one, move to recycle VIN, and then this is fine.
Sunny Savita: So, here is what… here is my image. Now, let's convert it into the, embedding, okay? So, guys, can you tell me which model we can use it over here to convert image into the embedding? So, as of now, I'm just going to be using the open source model. So, if I'm talking about the transformer now, so transformer is having one model.
Sunny Savita: Let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here I can write, CLIP, C-L-I-P. So this is one of the models, basically, which converts image into the embedding. Okay, so this model, actually, it is trained in such a way that it is capable to convert, image into the embedding. So I'm going to be right over here, clip, processor.
Sunny Savita: So, clip processor, okay? So, see, what I am able to do, I'm able to load this open source model. Again, it is there inside the transformer only, right? So, what I'll do, guys, over here, first I will read my image. So, here I'll write from PIL,
Sunny Savita: Okay, from PIL. Actually, it is a library for reading the images, okay? PIL. Here, from here, I'm going to import this image.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will do, guys, I will load my image. So, let me open my image. I will write over here, image.open.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now I will provide the path of my image. So, here is the path of my image. I will just copy the path.
Sunny Savita: And I'll paste it over here. Okay, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, let's see whether I'm able to load my image or not. Now see, guys, I'm able to load my image. Can you see this image?
Sunny Savita: So this is my image, okay? So I can keep this particular image inside the variable. The variable name is going to be what?
Sunny Savita: the variable name is going to be image. So, if I will show you this particular image, see, this is me, guys, okay? So, I'm going to be convert this particular image. Okay, image is an image, guys, okay? Image is an image. So, clip, actually, it is a model which is trained with the image dataset. So, in backend, it is using one technology.
Sunny Savita: Have you heard about the VIT? VIT?
Sunny Savita: Have you heard about the VIT technology?
Sunny Savita: VIT is called the Vision Transformer.
Sunny Savita: VIT is called the Vision Transformer, okay?
Sunny Savita: Vision Transformer. So, how this model have been trained? See? Vision Transformer and CLIP, CLIP is called the Contrastive Language Image Pre-Training, are two popular transformer-based model used for the image processing task.
Sunny Savita: So, in the same space, right, the image and the text have been trained. So that's why, guys, it is able to understand the images, okay, it is able to understand the context of the images.
Sunny Savita: And it is able to convert that particular images into their… into where, into the numbers, right? So this thing will understand, maybe after the transformer, so once I will give you the overview of the different, different LLMs and all, at that time will understand about it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I think, guys, like, disconnected. Can you hear me now? Am I audible now?
Sunny Savita: Okay, I think because of the internet glitch, now I disconnected. No worries, guys. Okay? So, what I'm doing, guys, now I'm going to be import two things. So, the first, basically, I'm going to be import the model.
Sunny Savita: Using this CLIP model. So this is the model name, guys. CLIP VIT Base Patch 32. It is an open source model. Okay. And then, guys, I'm going to be import one, preprocessor also.
Sunny Savita: So we required one preprocessor also. So this two things, basically, is required.
Sunny Savita: BIT is called Vision Transformer. I think there was some internet glitch. Because of that, you lost me, but now I'm back, okay? So, guys, we'll under… see, we'll understand all those things after completing the transformer. So, after completing the transformer, I will give you the glimpse of the different, different transformer-based model, like GPT. I will discuss about the Llama, okay? Means I will not,
Sunny Savita: Deep dive into the mathematics.
Sunny Savita: But guys, I will deep dive into the architecture. I will discuss the architecture of the clip, deli, the different, different architecture. There, I will discuss about the VIT also, and I will show you all the research paper and all, everything, guys. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here, guys, you can see we have the model. Now, what I'll do, guys, I'll load the preprocessor also, so there's two things is required, basically.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll do, guys, I will pass my image, okay, to this preprocessor. So, I will take this processor, this particular processor. Now, here what I'll do, guys, I will pass what? I'll pass my image.
Sunny Savita: And I will ask them… I will ask the processor to return it as a, tensor, okay? PT tensor, PyTorch tensor. So once I will write… once I will, guys, once I will run it, guys, so here I will get the pixel value. Now, can it even tell me what is the pixel value?
Sunny Savita: What is a pixel value, guys? Can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: Yes, pixel values are nothing, it is a number, right? Pixel are nothing, pixel are nothing, it is a number, right? It is a coordinate.
Sunny Savita: Okay, pixel value is what? Every image is being shown in the form of pixel only, right? So, it is just a number. See, it has converted my image into the pixel. Now, what I will do, guys, I will keep it inside the variable, so my variable name is going to be what? Input. Okay, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will do, guys, I will pass this particular input where I will pass this particular input to my model, right? So, here is a model, model.getImageFeacher. Now, here what I will get, guys, I will get the image embedding.
Sunny Savita: So, it is asking to me, use the torch, okay? Import the torch model, torch module also. So, here I'm going to be right, import, torch.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Why I've written this no-grade? Because I don't want to perform the training over here. I just want to perform the, inferencing, right? So if I will run it, guys, so here I will be getting my image embedding. So tell me, guys, am I able to convert my image into the numbers or not?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, fast.
Sunny Savita: So, if someone is asking you in a RAG architecture, can we convert image also into the embedding?
Sunny Savita: Can we convert image also into the embedding? So what you will say, guys? Yes, we can convert image also into the embedding, and on top of it also, we can perform the retrieval operation.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this thing we'll explore more inside the rack chapter.
Sunny Savita: So this thing we'll explore more inside the rack chapter.
Sunny Savita: But as of now, guys, did you understand the capability of the SOTA model? Tell me, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes? So this SOTA model, SOTA embedding model, can convert
Sunny Savita: Any type of data into the
Sunny Savita: vector, okay, embedding vector. So this SOTA model, actually, it can convert any type of data into the embedding vector.
Sunny Savita: What is the difference between a pre-process and the actual model? What you are understanding, Gridar. Okay, I'm not telling you anything, just tell me what you are able to understand.
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me.
Sunny Savita: So here, the understanding should be very clear, na? We have an image, okay?
Sunny Savita: We have converted that image into where? Into the pixels.
Sunny Savita: See? We have converted that image into the numbers, into the pixel, what I got here. I got the pixel. Now, I will provide this pixel, these numbers only, to the model now.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, Giddhar now.
Sunny Savita: Okay? How to remember all this library? No need to remember all this library. Who will remember all this library, huh?
Sunny Savita: It comes along with the practice, it comes with the experience only.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Learning can teach you how to use this thing, but you cannot remind all this thing. It will come from the practice, okay?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, is it getting clear to all of you how to convert this kind of data and all into the numbers? Let me provide you these particular files.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here, guys… do, okay, just keep your photo, I'm not providing you my photo.
Sunny Savita: So, just keep your photo and any other photo, and try to convert into the numbers.
Sunny Savita: So, I'm writing over here.
Sunny Savita: code updated.
Sunny Savita: Now, let me commit and push.
Sunny Savita: Sir, where you have used the clip model. Here, I have used the clip model. Just read the… just read the code once, you will get that, okay? Sobic.
Sunny Savita: Please revise this code, you will get it. So, how's the learning so far, guys?
Sunny Savita: So, understand, guys, see, how… from where we started this encoding and embedding, and where we are able to end up this thing.
Sunny Savita: Just imagine, guys, just imagine.
Sunny Savita: We have started this embedding… this… this… this vectorization, this embedding and all from the 1010 coding.
Sunny Savita: And now we are able to understand how the OpenAI model is also converting our data into the numbers. At least programmatically, we are able to understand, na? And even we are able to see how this VIT kind of model also converting images into the numbers, right?
Sunny Savita: At least programmatically, we are able to understand, but yeah, if you want the architectural overview.
Sunny Savita: I will explain that, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this SOTA embedding is a complementary as of now.
Sunny Savita: So that, you will get some glimpse of the modern generative AI.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Because I know you were… you got the… you got bored just to read about those embedding… sorry, bar 2 back, neural network, 1-out encoding and all.
Sunny Savita: Now you're getting some glimpse of the modern generative AI, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, all this thing we'll discuss in a detail inside the RAG chapter. So, once I'll come to the RAG now. RAG is all about the embedding, guys. Everything is embedding inside the RAG, that's it.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, how many of you are,
Sunny Savita: Loading the model and all.
Sunny Savita: So, I think so many models are using… so many people are using a different, different model and all, right? So, there is one vendor, like, who collaborated with us, just to provide a free access of the different, different model, from their end. So…
Sunny Savita: This MASH API. Have you heard about the mashapi.ai? It is similar to the Grok, it is similar to the OpenRouter.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is one of the vendors, actually, who communicated to us, who collaborated with us.
Sunny Savita: Just to provide it some free model to our student, okay? So, if you are willing to use any LLM model, right, so you can try out this Mesh API, and you can let us know the feedback.
Sunny Savita: So, based on that only, we'll make a conversation further with this vendor, okay? And we'll make available the different, different model to all of our students. And even we'll also get some credit, so that we can utilize in our application and all, in our different, different application.
Sunny Savita: Is it by the Dhruv Rati? Hmm, yes. So, guys, I'm providing you this particular link. Please, check out with this link. Now, how to, load the model and all? So, once you will go through with the document now, so here, guys, you will get that. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, here only, you will get that. Just check out, this quick start.
Sunny Savita: So inside the Quick Start Only, you will get how to access the different, different model, okay? What all models they have?
Sunny Savita: So, they have a different, other… see, they have given the Python SDK also. Here, you can check out how to load their model and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, how to load their model, you can check out over here.
Sunny Savita: So, please let us know the feedback. I will share one Google Form with all of you in the community chat, so you can let us know the feedback, how these models are. Okay, how effective it is, how much token length it is able to bear, okay? So, you can check out the different, different model, available model. So, just click on this available model, now see over here.
Sunny Savita: This is all the available model. So, Google Gema is there, okay?
Sunny Savita: Then free… in the free model, I think you will see some good model also. See, Meta model is also there. NVIDIA Nemotron is there, OpenAI GPT OSS is there, Quan is also there, okay? So, in total, I think a 14 model is there, but the rest of the model is a paid one.
Sunny Savita: So, at least you can check out with the free model, and you can let us know the feedback. Okay? So, will you provide us the feedback, guys? I'll share the Google Form. Will you use this model?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is one of our collaborators, means he wanted to, like, provide the free access to all of our students, okay, so he collaborated with us, this Mesh API. So, yeah, please check out it, and please let us know the feedback. I'll share the Google form, right?
Sunny Savita: Sir, what various expect we have to test this model? If you are creating any RAG system, any agentic system, there you can do that. There you can utilize it. I understand many of you, you don't know about the RAG agents and all, right? The LLM uses right now.
Sunny Savita: But yeah, if you are onto that advanced level, because I can see many people are already know about those things.
Sunny Savita: They're just into this badge to brush up the concept, or just to, like, understand the thing in a detail. So those person can go through with it, and those persons can utilize it, okay? This model and all.
Sunny Savita: So this is for all of our student guys, okay? Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So I'm keeping the link inside the Notion itself.
Sunny Savita: I have used personally, it is good so far. You can give us a feedback, okay?
Sunny Savita: You can check out from your end, and you can give us a feedback.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, please check out with it, and I will share the Google Form, there you can tell us about this particular uses. So, how many of you, you are going to provide us a feedback? May I know in the chat?
Sunny Savita: Just give me a quick thumbs up.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Ashwarya, Arpita, Rohan, Aditya, Shiva, Vijay, Melvin, Dinesh…
Sunny Savita: Okay, Kresh, Naveen, so many people. Okay, great, guys. Thank you guys, thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: Fine. So, tell me, guys, should I proceed further with a different other operation regarding this embedding and all?
Sunny Savita: Sir, how to differentiate between the performance of the different emitting models? Yes, I'll come to that part, okay?
Sunny Savita: Fine. So guys, there is one more thing. So, here, what we are going to understand. So I will just take 5 more minutes, guys, and I will talk about the similarity search. Have you… do you know about the similarity search? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Similarity search, okay. Now, guys, if we're talking about the similarity search, right? So, how many methods we have for the similarity search? Can anyone tell me how many methods we have for the similarity search?
Sunny Savita: So, we have 3 methods for the similarity search, okay?
Sunny Savita: The first method is called the dot product.
Sunny Savita: The second method is called the cosine similarity.
Sunny Savita: The third method is called the Euclidean distance, okay?
Sunny Savita: UQ Lydian distance.
Sunny Savita: So this is also called the L2 distance.
Sunny Savita: So, Euclidean distance, cosine similarity, all these methods are there. Getting my point, guys? So, let me give you the formula of all this, all this, basically, similarity search.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, here we have the dot product. See, this is the dot product, guys, so I will provide a vector A and vector B. I will simply provide to this np.dot, and what I will get, guys, I will get the dot product between that.
Sunny Savita: Okay? What I will get, guys, I will get the dot product between that. Now, let me show you the cosine similarity formula. So, this is the cosine similarity formula, guys.
Sunny Savita: So, here in the cosine similarity, you will find out, what you will find out, guys, you will find out this dot product, and we are going to be divide this dot product with a normal, okay, norm of it, norm of A and V, right?
Sunny Savita: So, here is a dot product, and here is a cosine similarity.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the Euclidean distance, guys. So, in the Euclan distance, see, this is the formula of the Euclane distance. Let me show you that. See, this is the formula of the Euclidean distance, okay? So, NP, NP, lineH, means we are going to be using the abstract method from the NumPy module.
Sunny Savita: But yeah, I can show you how this thing is work… working, actually, okay? I will show you over the blackboard itself. So, this is the way of achieving the nucleon distance. So, np.lean
Sunny Savita: ALG means, algebra, then dot norm, okay, and then A and B. A and B is what? It is a vector, actually. A vector and V vector, right? So this is a three-way of checking the similarity search. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Please let me know in the chat if you're getting that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's try out the similarity based on the different, different, let's try out the similarity based on what? Based on the different, different queries and all.
Sunny Savita: Perth is saying not getting. Okay, Perth. If you're not getting, then don't worry. You will understand later on, okay? So this is some inbuilt method, actually. This is what? This is some inbuilt method, this NP lineage and all, right? NP lineage is an inbuilt method to apply the Euclion distance.
Sunny Savita: NP lineage is a inbuilt method to implement the Euclidean distance. Getting my point, Perth? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Do you know about the Euclian distance? If you don't know, I can show you an example, okay? Don't worry. So, let's say this is my query, guys, okay? So, what is a query?
Sunny Savita: So, my query is, how to reduce the heart disease risk, okay? So, Amit is saying, if you read my query, please answer. Amit, you can ask me in a doubt session. There, I will answer, okay? Don't worry. So, this is the query, guys. Now, what I will do, I'll check out with the different, different document.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, this is my different, different document, means there are different, different sentences, the other sentences. So, this is the first sentence, this is the second sentence, this is the third sentence, and this is the fourth sentence. So, can we check the similarity search with all these three methods? Can you please tell me, guys, can we check out that?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me?
Sunny Savita: Can we check out the similarity search? Can we check out the mathematical, similar… can we get the mathematical similarity between this query and the document? Are you able to understand the use case now? Yes?
Sunny Savita: So, how we will do that?
Sunny Savita: First, we'll have to convert into the embedding, and after that only, we can do that.
Sunny Savita: Okay? After that only, we can do that. So, what I will do, guys, so first, I'll convert my data into the embedding. So, I will… which model I can take, guys? Tell me. Google Model, OpenAI model, or open source model? Tell me which model I need… I'm going to be take… which model I can take over here.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: Can I take the Google, OpenAI, or Hugging Face one?
Sunny Savita: Open source one. Okay, let's take the open source model.
Sunny Savita: So here, I'm going to take open source embedding model. Okay, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I can take the OpenAI one. You can take anything, I don't have any issue. Okay, let's take the Google one, okay? Jiminy one.
Sunny Savita: So, Jiminy embedding model, what I'm doing, guys, here I'm taking the Jiminy embedding model.
Sunny Savita: Oh, I think everyone is having access of it, Jimmy embedding model. Now, what I'll do, guys, I will embed my query, okay? So, here is my query, I will pass my query over here.
Sunny Savita: So what I will get, guys, I will get the query embedding over here. Query underscore embedding.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear to all of you guys? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, is it getting clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, if you will check the length, you will get the length, right? So, let me convert the, this document also into the embedding. So, how many embedding I will get over here, guys? Regarding this 4 document, how many embedding I will get?
Sunny Savita: I will get 4 embedding, okay? 4 different, different embedding, regarding the 4 different, different sentences.
Sunny Savita: So, this is what, this is my document embedding. So, if you will check the length of this document embedding, so what you will get, guys?
Sunny Savita: Here, basically, you will get the document embedding. C4 embedding we have.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, if you will check the length of each embedding, so here I'm putting 0. Now, see what I'm getting? I'm getting 3072. So, each sentence has converted into this 3072 vector, dimension vector, and in total, how many sentences we have? In total, we have, this 4 sentences.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clearer to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Yes? Okay. Now, let's do one thing, let's perform the, let's perform this similarity search, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, first of all, let me give you some detail about this different, different similarity method. So, here is the range of all these three… all this different, different similarity method. So, just read out over here. If we're talking about the cosine similarity, so the range of the cosine similarity is minus 1 to 1.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: If we're talking about the range of the dot product, so it is minus infinite to plus infinite. If we're talking about the range of the Euclidean distance, so it is from 0 to infinite. So if I'm saying, cosine similarity is 0.9, what is the meaning of it?
Sunny Savita: What is the meaning of it?
Sunny Savita: It is a good one, okay? If I'm saying dot product is a… like, it is on a higher end, let's say if I'm saying 10, 15, something like that, right? So higher on… if it is on a higher end, then it is a good one.
Sunny Savita: Okay? If I'm saying Euclane distance is higher one, then it is a good one or it is a bad one. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: It is a good one, or it is a bad one.
Sunny Savita: It is a bad one, right? So let's do one thing, guys. Let's check out, this similarity, basically. So what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be create one, list over here. So inside this list only, I'm going to be collect all the result, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be take, okay, I'm just going to be take… what I'm going to take, guys, I'm going to be take one, basically, code. So, here, see, this is the code, guys. And this code is very, very simple. So, here is my document, here is my doc… this is my documents, okay? Here is my document embedding.
Sunny Savita: I will get the document and the embedding. So, inside the result, what I'm going to be append? I'm going to be append the query.
Sunny Savita: document. I'm going to be append the cosine similarity between this query embedding and this document embedding. I'm going to be append this dot product, okay, between this query embedding and this document embedding, and I'm going to be append this query embedding, okay, with
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I'm going to be append this Euclan distance between this query embedding and the document embedding. Making sense to all of you guys? Yes or no? Now, why we are appending? So that we can understand, we can get a result, okay? So inside the… this particular list only, we are going to be collect the result. That's why we are appending.
Sunny Savita: Sonu is asking why it is up… why you are appending. Okay, fine. Now, if I will run it, guys, so it is saying NP is not defined. No worries, guys. What I can do, I can import the NP. So, I can write over here.
Sunny Savita: Import.
Sunny Savita: numpy as NP.
Sunny Savita: Now, once I will run it, guys, now see over here. If I will run it, see.
Sunny Savita: Inside the result, inside the result list, what I will be getting, I will be getting the result, see? So, here is my query, how to reduce heart disease risk. Now, see, this is the document. Eating fiber reduce heart disease risk. So, can you check the similarity over here?
Sunny Savita: Are you able to see the similarity over here, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: So this is the similarity which we are getting between these particular sentences, okay? This is a similarity score, actually.
Sunny Savita: Now, here is one more sentence, how to reduce heart disease risk, fruit and vegetable, this, this, this. Now, this is a cosine similarity, dot product, okay, this is, again, a dot product similarity, Euclan distance similarity. Now, guys, can't even tell me where we are getting a lowest similarity.
Sunny Savita: If you will check the lowest similarity, where we are getting the lowest similarity.
Sunny Savita: Tell me. Now, here, if you will see, so maybe this model, let me check which model we are using. So, if you will see, guys, which model we are using, just a second, I think…
Sunny Savita: I just need to check out the model.
Sunny Savita: So we are check… we are using Google Model over here. Query, query, query. Okay, this is the Google… okay, so here, guys, see, I think I am using the OpenAI model. Because of that, maybe the result is not good, see.
Sunny Savita: So, at one place, I'm using the query, this Google embedding. At another place, we are using the OpenAI embedding. And because of that, guys, the result was get messed up. So, let me use the OpenAI embedding or Google embedding at the same place, okay? So, here is also…
Sunny Savita: Query embedding, now this is the document embedding, okay? Now, guys, let me rerun this one. So, I'm just going to be rerun it, and now analysis the result. Now, you will get the good result, okay? Because, the model basically was the mismatch, and because of that only.
Sunny Savita: we were not able to perform the very well operation. Now, over here you will see, so this two sentences is having this much of similarity. So, this is the cosine similarity.
Sunny Savita: This is a dot product, okay? And this is the Euclidean distance similarity. Now, if you will check out with this sentence.
Sunny Savita: how to reduce a heart disease. Now, is this sent… this sentence and this sentence is having any sort of a similarity? Tell me, guys, this one. This sentence is… this sentence is having any sort of a similarity.
Sunny Savita: No. So that's why, guys, you will find out the result is very weak over here.
Sunny Savita: Now, you will find out the result is very, very weak over here.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: No, Ram, we are not done today. I'm teaching you this particular concept. Just focus over here, right? So that's why, guys, the result is very, very weak over here.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Now, how many of you, you are able to understand this similarity search?
Sunny Savita: I think everyone, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So I'm giving you this code, you can take it, guys, okay?
Sunny Savita: I'm pushing this code over the GitHub, guys.
Sunny Savita: You can check it. I posted it over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I think, everyone is able to get a code.
Sunny Savita: I just went to bring my water bottle.
Sunny Savita: Great, guys. So, have you gone through with the code, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: This is the code, guys. Just check out with the code.
Sunny Savita: Have you gone through with a code?
Sunny Savita: Euclane Distance 1 is not there. Why it is not there? Let me check it out.
Sunny Savita: And then I pushed the code, no? I didn't push the code. I pushed the code.
Sunny Savita: git push. Wait, guys, I'm pushing the code. If I haven't pushed, you will get it now.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now you can check, please.
Sunny Savita: Can you check, please, guys? I think now the code is there.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, now the code is here. So you can check out this code, it is very, very simple.
Sunny Savita: So, tell me, guys, how's the session so far? Did you learn the thing or not?
Sunny Savita: I think you learned so many things in today's class.
Sunny Savita: Sir, can you please show how to create a ENV file? It is very simple.
Sunny Savita: So just click over here, New File.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and then write .env, and it will be created. Got it?
Sunny Savita: So, I hope you learned so many things, with me today. Now, one more thing is there, guys. Did you hear about the keyword search?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I will come to that, dot product and all. I will give you… I will explain you with one example, okay? Don't worry.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, if you will see.
Sunny Savita: So, this is what, this is our document.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Tell me, this is our document.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Tell me. So, here, you can see, this is our document. Now, what I'm doing, here is my query, okay? So, let's perform the keyword search over here.
Sunny Savita: Let's perform the keyword search. So how I can do the keyword search? Let me… let me show you that also, okay? It will just take, 5 minutes, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm doing, I'm just going to be import one module.
Sunny Savita: So my module name is going to be counter. So, here, I'm going to be import counter.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: counter. Now, what I will do, guys, see, it is saying, from collection… C-O-L-E-C-T-I-O-N-S.
Sunny Savita: Is it a correct spelling?
Sunny Savita: Okay, sorry guys. It is a capital one, so here is a collection.
Sunny Savita: So, from the collection, we are going to be input counter. Now, what I will do, guys, here I will keep my query.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, what I'll do, guys, I'll write over here, sorry, I will write the lower, I will call the lower over here, just to remove the case sensitivity, okay?
Sunny Savita: And I will split it. So, let me split it.
Sunny Savita: Here I'm going to be split, guys, just a second, yeah.
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm getting, I'm getting this, how to reduce heart disease risk. And even I can replace this, like, this, what I can say, question mark, with the empty one, okay? So, I just want risk, so I can apply that logic also.
Sunny Savita: So let me keep, let me replace this question mark with an empty one, okay? So if I'm going to be run it, guys, see here what I'm getting, how to reduce heart disease risk, right? So this is the word from my, this particular, this particular sentence. Now, what I'm going to do, guys, we are going to be learning the keyword search, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: Keyword.
Sunny Savita: Such.
Sunny Savita: Now, I'm going to be, teach you the keyword search, so how does it work? Let me tell you.
Sunny Savita: So here is my document, here is my query, I convert it into what? I convert it into the, tokens, okay? This is what? This is my, this is what, guys, this is my words, actually. Now, what I will do, guys, so here, I will, open… so I will, basically take my document also. So, let's take only one document to explain you the thing.
Sunny Savita: So, document 0, basically, it will only provide me one document, okay?
Sunny Savita: So let me keep it over here, see? One document. So what I'm doing, I'm just going to be keep document 0, lower, replace. This full stop, I'm going to be replaced with the empty one, then split, and then what I'm getting, I'm getting the dock word, okay?
Sunny Savita: So this is what, guys? This is my doc word. Now, what I will do, I will perform the keyword search, right? So, I will pass this counter, I will pass my doc words to the counter, okay? So, what it will do, guys, it will give me the, count of the word inside the given, it's inside the given, this particular sentence, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, if I will check with the dog count, so what it is giving, it is giving me this, count. Eating is coming one time, fiber is coming one time, reduce is coming one time, heart is coming one time, risk is coming one time.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Now, how to find out the… how to perform the keyword search over here? How we can perform the keyword search over here, right? So, let me tell you that also. So, what I will do, I will iterate on top of my query.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I will collect the word over here. See, this is the word from the query.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: I can take the words from here. This is the word. Now, see, this is all the words we have.
Sunny Savita: So, query words is not defined. Query words, query words. Okay, this is my query words, guys. So, let me take the query words, and I can define it over here. This one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, query words, now let me execute it. Now see, guys, if I will execute it, see, it is my word, how to reduce heart or take risk, right? So what I will do, guys, now I will, check. Okay, what I will check, guys? I will check this particular word is coming
Sunny Savita: Okay, this particular word is… is it coming inside this, this particular word is coming inside this document or not? Okay, I'm checking that. So here, for that, this is the logic, let me put the logic, see? Document count, okay, this is a dictionary, now here I am passing word.
Sunny Savita: So this is the word, I'm iterating on top of the word, I'm passing it over here. If it is coming, then it will give me the count, okay?
Sunny Savita: Whether it is coming or not, right? So what I will do, I will run it and see, guys, here. How? Coming zero time, 2 coming zero, reduce coming 0. Hurt is coming one time, disease coming zero time, risk is coming one time, okay?
Sunny Savita: So what I will do, guys, I will calculate the score over here, right? What I will do, guys, I will calculate the score. See, this is the score. So what is the score, guys? The score, basically, you can see over here, 2.
Sunny Savita: What is the score, guys? Tell me. The score, basically, is going to be 2 over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is the similarity, actually, between this sentence, this query sentence, and into this document.
Sunny Savita: It is just giving me a, it is just checking how many words are coming inside that given document, and based on that, it is just calculating the score.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, what is a score, guys? A score is nothing, it is a number of matching words. So, this is the definition of the score.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Okay, now I can check with all the sentences. So this is the logic for all the sentences.
Sunny Savita: Here, basically, is the logic. So, query is there, then this is the document. I'm just going to be convert, I'm just getting a query words. Here is the result. I'm just iterating over the document, okay? This is the document, this is the document words, document count, this is the logic for the score.
Sunny Savita: And I'm appending it inside the result. So, once I will run it, guys, what I will get, see, over here. So, if I will show you the result, guys. So, where is the result? Okay, this is the result. If I will show you the result, just a second, let me…
Sunny Savita: call it, guys, okay? So, let me call this particular thing, you will get a result over here. So if I'm going to be executed, see, you will be getting the score, right? So here is what? Here is my keyword search. Now, see. So, eating fiber reduced risk is 2.
Sunny Savita: Right? More word is matching over here. Fruit and vegetable, lower cardiovascular, it is 1. Regular exercise, improved heart health, it is 1. But this particular sentence is having a 0.
Sunny Savita: So, I have shown you both of the methods. One is the keyword search method, and second, basically, is going to be a semantic search.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you guys, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Are you able to understand this particular concept? If you're not able to understand it, guys, don't worry. I will give you the quick revision in the next class, okay?
Sunny Savita: I will give you the quick revision in the next class. So, Ruchi is saying there is a lot of confusion. Yes, Ruchi, definitely it will be a, like, confusion. Why? Because we have just iterated over the code.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Too much hurry today at last. Yes, it is required. Why it is required? Because we have to cover this topic. Now, tomorrow, again, I will give you the revision of it, okay? Or I am providing you this particular code, so that you can also run it from your end.
Sunny Savita: Making sense or not, guys? Tell me. And even I can explain you this entire thing over the Blackboard also.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So I'm putting it over the GitHub, guys, and then you can take it. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: I'm just adding it.
Sunny Savita: Code updated.
Sunny Savita: And then, this is the file, no? This is the file.
Sunny Savita: Now, here I'm committing and pushing the changes.
Sunny Savita: Once this class will over, I will tell you guys, don't worry, okay?
Sunny Savita: So tell me, guys, did you understand, did you learn so many things today, yes or no? I think the class is overwhelming now, right? Means, we are able to understand lots many things, but some of the thing is going from our head like this.
Sunny Savita: Don't worry, guys, I'm providing the code, just go through with it. Tomorrow, we'll take a session. We'll take a revision of it, okay? Don't worry. So, tomorrow is a transformer day, I'll start a transformer, but yeah, I'll give you the quick revision of it.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, if you will permit me one thing, can I show you one more? So I'll just take 5 minutes. Can I show you the eval… okay, evaluation, I'll show you in the evaluation chapter. Because actually now, see, if you will see this particular notes, so I kept the MTEB evaluation also. So, MTEB evaluation, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so maybe this MTV evaluation I can show you in the next class, guys, this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, why I'm doing this much of hard work as of now with the embedding, guys? Because you won't believe how much it is important, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay, very, very important.
Sunny Savita: So, my further effort is going to be reduced inside the rag and the agents and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: Sir, loading key and environment are not pushed? No, I will not push my key, na? So big, right? Why I will push my key?
Sunny Savita: You have to work with your own key.
Sunny Savita: It's really helped me concept an explanation step by step for each other manner, so I can clearly see how everything is linked. This approach makes it easier.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Abhishek.
Sunny Savita: We'll keep as much as flowchart for the… from the upcoming, okay? If it is required, then don't worry.
Sunny Savita: Fine, guys, so I'm concluding the session now. I have given you the updated code also. Now, rest of the concept we'll discuss in the next class, okay? So tomorrow, maybe, is going to be a… sorry, tomorrow is going to be a transformer day, okay?
Sunny Savita: So once we'll take a quick revision of it, one or two theoretical points, and then, we are going to be deep dive into the transformer. Got it, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So, if you want the key, like, which key is required, what I can do, guys, I can create one more file over here.
Sunny Savita: Just a second. So.env… dot example, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, what I can do, I can create this file.env.example. Now, here, at least, I can keep the name of the key. So, this, particular key, basically, you can keep inside your .env file.
Sunny Savita: So, just a second, I'm just keeping this one.
Sunny Savita: So, removing the key values…
Sunny Savita: And removing the key value, okay? So where I'm writing, inside, I'm, writing over here, Create.env file.
Sunny Savita: and the… Following is… and value.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, you just have to do this particular thing. Now, let me give it to you. Wait.
Sunny Savita: Code updated, now let me commit and push.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so this key, basically, you can utilize it.
Sunny Savita: Sir, need the lines with import OS, etc. It is there now, I think so it is there. Check out once.
Sunny Savita: Here it is, no? This one?
Sunny Savita: Sovik?
Sunny Savita: It is not pushed. This is not pushed, is it? Let me check once.
Sunny Savita: So, if you will see… It is there now, Shobhi, huh?
Sunny Savita: What you are doing.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so I'm keeping one more thing over here. Let me… Shave it first.
Sunny Savita: So, this is going to be our 18th April, right? So, handwritten notes, 18th April… So time bidding.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, this entire learning, actually, we are going to be directly using our RAC chapter, so don't miss it, please revise this all, the entire thing.
Sunny Savita: So, I'm just going to be, take it, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so please check out with this particular notes, I have even given you this, insert the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: So, let me push it now, I think I need to push it again, wait.
Sunny Savita: Can you please check? I think the notes is also there. Yes, the class is over. I'm not going to discuss any more new concept now.
Sunny Savita: And please give us the feedback for the mesh API, okay? This one.
Sunny Savita: So I cannot see the fee model. Free model is there, now just check out there with the documentation, okay? You will get that.
Sunny Savita: So, how's the class? Did you learn so many things today?
Sunny Savita: If you can say yes, at least, or no.
Sunny Savita: Most of us think, no, sir, it is not a good one.
Sunny Savita: You have to teach, again, step by step.
Sunny Savita: then only I will say, yes, sir. Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: I'll try.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine, guys. Thank you, bye, take care, good night, I'll see you in the next class, and yeah, we are, we are very close to explore our different, different LLMs and all, so be in that class, guys, and for that class is going to be very, very amazing. You will learn so many things with respect to the generative AI, okay?
Sunny Savita: And this entire learning, you are going to be used in your real-time project also. Everything, whatever I'm teaching.
Sunny Savita: So, fine guys, thank you, bye, take care, and if you have any doubt, be here. I'll take a doubt in 5 minutes. Thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: And please, it's a request. Mustafa and Pradeep, whatever people are listening to me, please revise this session. It is required, okay? If you have any sort of a doubt, you can ask me then.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Base.
Sunny Savita: If you have any doubt, guys, don't leave. Be here. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so let's start with the doubt session. If you have any doubt, you can raise your hand, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Jyoti was so doubt.
Jyoti Gupta: Yes. Yes, can you please share screen, and show your first page?
Jyoti Gupta: There was a flow chart in the green color.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Which one you're asking, sorry.
Jyoti Gupta: The, when you started the session, so at that point, there was a flow chart in the green color.
Sunny Savita: Low chart in the green color.
Jyoti Gupta: Yes, sir, above, above, above, above, above.
Jyoti Gupta: Above, before, sentence, before, yeah.
Jyoti Gupta: Here, that's it, that's it, below, below. One page below, that's.
Jyoti Gupta: Can you go a bit down? Bit down.
Jyoti Gupta: Yeah, here. So, sir, here, transformer will do the embedding, I got that point. Post that, this is a bit confusion for me, like, post-embedding, what we are doing, which attention, self-attention, FF, and F… so I didn't get this part.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, actually, post… that embedding actually is being itself generated after the self-attention.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so self-attention is happening inside the transformer model, and after that, only whatever output we are getting, it is an embedding one, right? Now, this embedding, we can use as multiple places, for the retrieval, for the clustering, for the semantic search and all. That's it. Got it?
Jyoti Gupta: Okay. And, my second question is, you have used one, Gen AI import line in between the coding. So, apart, I mean, rather than using that Gen AI import model, can't we use this open Gemini AI, which you have showed that three things.
Jyoti Gupta: Google API HF token.
Sunny Savita: No, you can use that, no. That's why I've shown you the free model also, right?
Jyoti Gupta: Okay, it's just an additional.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I've shown you all the three options, you can use anything, okay?
Sunny Savita: This is the open source one, you can utilize this.
Sunny Savita: Or else you can utilize the Gemini. If you have access of the OpenAI, you can use that also, okay?
Jyoti Gupta: So, you have used one, Jenny Aina, so no need to use that Volapat, right?
Sunny Savita: Gen AI… where is the Gen AI here?
Jyoti Gupta: You have used some import method, GenA, something you have used.
Sunny Savita: Weird.
Jyoti Gupta: Oh…
Jyoti Gupta: the code only you have used in between, Gen AI. This generative AI, just generative AI, generative AI, I'm sorry. So, is this mandatory to you import this, well, this part, Google Generative AI embedd.
Sunny Savita: For loading the Jimny model, you will have to use this, no?
Jyoti Gupta: Okay, okay, okay, sir. Thank you. That is only my doubt.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, guys.
Sunny Savita: Mmm.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Ram, Mayank, Raghu, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Mayank Sharma: Hey, hi, Sunny, this is Mayank.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Maya, go ahead, please.
Mayank Sharma: apne embedding models bhi bata.
Mayank Sharma: And, there are LLM models as well, like, like GPT… Gemini, and other things.
Mayank Sharma: kara hai.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Mayank Sharma: So, like, I'm a bit confused over there. Just say, for example, when we were doing encoding, encoding was.
Mayank Sharma: Immediately, right, using the library.
Mayank Sharma: Whereas…
Sunny Savita: Mmm.
Mayank Sharma: what I'm bidding… We are kind of…
Mayank Sharma: We also need to supply the keys associated with it.
Mayank Sharma: So, how are these two things functioning, like…
Sunny Savita: You are loading the models from somewhere, na? That's why you are providing that key.
Sunny Savita: Embedding me… encoding me koi model highly, yeah.
Mayank Sharma: Got it.
Sunny Savita: We are not using any model from encoding, but in embedding, we are using the trained model.
Sunny Savita: So, the OpenAI model is hosted over the OpenAI… OpenAI server.
Sunny Savita: You are loading that using the OpenAI key. Jiminy model is hosted over the Google server. You are loading it that using the Jimny API key.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this free open source model is hosted over the Hugging Face server, you're loading it from there.
Sunny Savita: So, to make a connectivity from that server to load a model, we require that key, okay?
Mayank Sharma: hostote hai.
Sunny Savita: Ha, LLM matlab. Same keysei LLM ko bilo kar sakte, na?
Mayank Sharma: Okay. But Robi, I'm looking at…
Sunny Savita: model load kerlo.
Sunny Savita: LLM curl low, image model curlow, embedding model curl low. Joe model curl, I will load curlow.
Mayank Sharma: Or embedding model kacho out… embedding model be a trained model here, based on, transformer architecture.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Mayank Sharma: Right? So every… Whenever… so, SMS amjug, ki kabi bh agar bulk nahya LLM release occurring agency Manlo GPT-5.
Mayank Sharma: Yeah, Gemini 3.5, or whatever.
Mayank Sharma: which is more compatible.
Sunny Savita: Both capable. It's a very good model, actually. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So, if they wanted to release any more model in future, they can, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Mayank Sharma: Okay, got it. Secondly, if you can share your screen, and can you explain that
Mayank Sharma: keyword-based search. Again, I got the concept, but the program was a bit difficult to understand.
Sunny Savita: It is very easy, just go through with the cold ones, okay?
Sunny Savita: And if you have any doubt, just ask me at tomorrow's session. See, just for your understanding, again, I can go through with it, okay? Because, see, I…
Sunny Savita: quickly shown you that code, no? That's why you're getting confused, but don't be, like, worried… I mean, don't be, like, afraid from that code, okay? It's very easy. See what is happening.
Sunny Savita: Let me show you.
Mayank Sharma: Haha, correct.
Sunny Savita: Ha, like, okay? Eating fiber reduce heart risk.
Sunny Savita: queri kaya, how to reduce heart disease risk.
Mayank Sharma: I know.
Sunny Savita: Angko kaya check karna, keyword image karna bus.
Mayank Sharma: Correct.
Sunny Savita: Matlap query seh document mein kitne keyword match, batau ketone.
Sunny Savita: It's hard to write.
Mayank Sharma: XY or Risk Manager.
Sunny Savita: 2, okay, simple, much so.
Sunny Savita: score mere calculate karke di kayata ako.
Sunny Savita: Okay, ma'am.
Mayank Sharma: I mean, word-to-word match, right?
Sunny Savita: Word-to-word map, checker, right?
Mayank Sharma: And this is… this is not a good way, right? This doesn't store the context.
Sunny Savita: This is one of the ways, actually.
Mayank Sharma: One of the.
Sunny Savita: That's many… some places, we use this way also, okay?
Mayank Sharma: Okay.
Mayank Sharma: But it's not an optimal thing, because if Kendra Kesaiki…
Sunny Savita: romantic.
Sunny Savita: intake is this one only, this I've shown you, you know, this…
Mayank Sharma: I'm betting weather.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Mayank Sharma: Headache.
Mayank Sharma: Huh.
Mayank Sharma: And Sunny, you know what? I really want to appreciate you about the patient, say, Sapka suunteho, or explainkarteho.
Mayank Sharma: So, I really appreciate that.
Mayank Sharma: It's very difficult to, you know.
Mayank Sharma: Have that patience and tolerate all sorts of questions, and also the criticism that, you know, and the tantrums that students are throwing.
Mayank Sharma: So… but I really appreciate the kind of knowledge that you are sharing with us. It's really valuable, and I appreciate that.
Mayank Sharma: Yeah. I don't know why.
Sunny Savita: Bye.
Mayank Sharma: Yeah, but ako mas hochi agar ko yog detest kartai tohap usko energy perfect nahone doho.
Mayank Sharma: Rather, you continue with the same attitude and approach.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, sure, definitely, Mayan. Thank you very much. Yeah.
Mayank Sharma: Thank you all. Take care. Bye.
Sunny Savita: So guys, even Yash is also there. He's available on this Google link, so if you wanted to save your time, join the… sorry, if you wanted to ask any doubt with the Yash, you can join over here, okay?
Sunny Savita: But if you wanted to clarify with me, then be here, okay? Even Yash is also there, he can clarify your doubt in a same way like me.
Sunny Savita: So, for saving time, you can join.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Raghu, please go ahead.
Raghu P R: Hey, hi, Sunay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, hello.
Raghu P R: Can you just tell me about semantic search? Which one is better among dot product, cosine, and Euclidean?
Sunny Savita: Generally, we use the cosine similarity, actually.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: In production, we use the cosine similarity.
Sunny Savita: Because it will give you the optimal result. Dot product is not very, basically, stable. Cosine similarity is a stable one, okay?
Raghu P R: Okay, and I have another question.
Raghu P R: Like, in my company, they usually use quaintree model.
Sunny Savita: You're.
Raghu P R: open source, which is having a V1 bar chart bar completions endpoint.
Raghu P R: We can use that one for the projects that you are going to build in RAG and Agentic.
Raghu P R: In upcoming class, can I use that one?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can definitely use that.
Raghu P R: Okay, sure, nurses.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Raghu P R: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir. Yeah, next out is Ram. Please go ahead.
Ram S: Yeah, hi, Sunny. So, my question is, like, how much, big, data we would use in RAG application, in, in this.
Ram S: So… Of course, like, it would be a sufficient size, or…
Sunny Savita: Sophisticated.
Ram S: Sharma?
Sunny Savita: See, it's a very subjective question. Just to explain the concept, I can use very, like, I can use one or two documents also, right? Later on, the same solution, you can practice with the, 10 to 15 document, even more than that, right?
Sunny Savita: So you just need to understand the… yeah, you just need to understand the concept. The data you can scale, actually, according to your requirement, okay?
Ram S: Actually, this is Fast Pace One course, so maybe I don't know how the interviewer will ask the question, so…
Ram S: If you can pop payments… if you share some intro question, that would be helpful.
Ram S: And, what is the process of testing of these RAG applications? I don't know, but you may cover this in the data later on, but if you can give some glimpse on that.
Ram S: Like, is there any testing tool we will use, or…
Ram S: to test the application of RAG.
Sunny Savita: Yes, we have a tool… I'm sorry, evaluation-wise, we can evaluate RAG, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, that I'll show you. Testing-wise, basically, what is a testing? Simple, like…
Ram S: in.
Sunny Savita: ask the question and all that's it. Nothing else.
Ram S: In web application, we are using some performance tool, loading to load… load the application, something like that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, evaluation-wise, we can evaluate the RAG pipeline.
Sunny Savita: Rest of the concept, the web, and all, everything would be same only, okay?
Ram S: Means loading test we can do also in Dragon. Load testing something.
Sunny Savita: load test, yes, we can do that. It is just the, like, the applic… it would be just the application at the end, so we can perform, okay?
Ram S: Bookeeper.
Ram S: Interesting.
Sunny Savita: Okay, THR, please go ahead, what's it out?
THR: Yeah, hi. Yeah, myself, Bala. Hi sir, can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can hear you.
THR: So, I have a, 3 to 5 questions, sir, in today's class, today's class, actually, so…
THR: First, so when we are giving a sentence to the document, right? Sentence to the model, right, sir? So previously, the last class, what we did, first we converted into tokens, and you know, fee to that.
THR: what to wake, or whatever, and getting the embeddings, right? So here, we are not doing anything. Directly, we're giving the sentence. So that kind of tokenization is not there, so… so how it's going to handle internally, like…
THR: Just want to know, sir.
THR: Is it…
Sunny Savita: What kind of token I just… what? Sorry, I didn't get that.
THR: No, like, if you, if you, like, if you give, like, you know, Sani is the AI expert, tutor. So, if I give you that, right, so what you have done in the previous classes, first you would
THR: Converted or divided the, big sentence into tokens? Like, words, actually?
THR: Oh, suddenly, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: That was for the… that was for the training, actually. Here, we are not training anything. Here, we are just inferencing.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we are… our model is already trained, it will take care of that. It will convert the data and all everything.
Sunny Savita: And then it will generate only the final output. So, here we are not into the training phase, we are just doing an inferencing, actually, okay?
Sunny Savita: So that step is not needed from our end.
THR: Okay, we're just getting data from the knowledge, like, what is trained on it.
Sunny Savita: Correct, we're just testing, actually.
THR: And, like, you, you name it as a SOTA, right? So, like, SOTA, like, so I thought, what I thought, actually, so in, if you, if you go to what-way, like, if you, like, if you explain what tox, right? So, in that, like, there's a what-to-week library, actually. So, I thought SOTA is, one more library, like.
THR: is, like, how we… I thought in that way, so how we can go identify it is a SOTA model or not.
Sunny Savita: So, I mean, state-of-art model.
Sunny Savita: It just took…
THR: the embeddings currently?
THR: Okay.
THR: So, all the embeddings present… all the embedding models present now, like OpenAI, JVNE, all are SOTA only.
THR: Right, sir?
Sunny Savita: Yes, all the, transformer-based models are called the SOTA one, right?
THR: Okay, okay.
THR: And, whatever we, the question on more so, like, you know, whatever the train model, like, you know, how many parameters should be there? Like, we used to call it, like, 1 million, 1 billion, 7 billion parameters, right? So, embedding model has any, like, any parameter, like, if you use
THR: Open source, hugging Face, okay? Like, what is the parameter size we're using?
Sunny Savita: Parameter size, yeah, it is also there inside the embedding model. We'll have to check. I'll show you maybe in the upcoming class, okay?
THR: Okay, for everything, also, like, yeah, OpenAPI, and Next, whatever.
THR: model, so everything has a parameter count, 100%.
Sunny Savita: Parameter count also, because at the end, it is a bits and biases only now, right?
THR: Yeah, yeah, correct, correct. So, that I was… I was checking, like, something you'll fear, you'll go into.
Sunny Savita: communicate.
THR: Yeah, I lost that, actually. And,
THR: Do we have any restriction size further? So, like, you know, can we send, like, let's say the problem use case is that I want to parse 1 GPF document.
THR: So, and I'll give directly to the embedding model. So, do you have any size, like, this much, like, 1GB means very high, no, sir. Like, how we can do that, actually? How we can handle large datasets in the embedding, embedding, to generate the embeddings?
Sunny Savita: Chunking is… chunking you will have to do there, no?
Sunny Savita: So, just… And, yeah, and then provide to the embedding model, that's it.
THR: And we, we should, okay. We had to convert into documents. RAF, like, we had to convert every chunk into arrays.
Sunny Savita: Correct. Chunk, just provide that chunk to the embedding model, and it will convert your data, that respective chunk, into the embedding, okay?
THR: Okay, do we have any, like, we need to do, native Python, like, we need to program it, or OpenAI embedding models are already checking things, like, if you give a large size, it's going to do auto-check internally.
Sunny Savita: So we'll have to do that chunking, actually. We have Langchain… inside the Langchain, so many chunkers are there.
Sunny Savita: So we'll learn it inside the rag, okay?
THR: Okay. And, so, things are in good, like, keyword search, actually. So, I understand cosine similarity, that you explained in the first class, so…
THR: Keyword search. So, when we will use keywords, actually. So, keyword, I see, like, it's just what match, actually. So, when we will use, what is the use case, behind, like, why they… why the people who.
Sunny Savita: Same use case, sir, for retrieving the information only, we use that. So earlier, we were using the keyword search, then semantic search came, we are using semantic search, but at some places now, this hybrid approach is also being used, okay?
Sunny Savita: So we can use the hybrid approach, means keyword search, along with the semantic search, okay?
THR: Oh.
Sunny Savita: In re-ranking, we are using keyword search inside the rack pipeline.
Sunny Savita: Just check out my rag video over the… over my YouTube, you will get that one.
THR: Yeah. Actually, I checked out last year, 3 days back, Godrails, Godrails video, it was very excellent. I understand, like, yeah, Godrails video.
THR: recently uploaded.
Sunny Savita: Just check out my, advanced rank playlist, there you will get about this re-ranking and all, keyword search and all, I explained from very basic there also, okay?
THR: Okay.
THR: Yeah, and cosine similarities, like, cosine similarity, right? We have, can you explain more on that, you know, three, three methods, like, you know, today just we're focusing practical, I, I, I, yeah, you know, but dot product, cosine, illusion, prediction, like, exactly, you know, what exactly is that? It's just a way to find.
Sunny Savita: out a similarity between the vectors, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just take two vectors and perform that mathematical operation on top of it. Whatever value is there, that is a similarity value between that. Okay, I'll take one example tomorrow. Tomorrow, I can show you that, okay? Yeah.
THR: Okay. Thank you, sir. Yeah, good.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, guys…
Sunny Savita: your next out?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Ruchi, please go ahead.
Ruchi S: Hi Sunny. I just wanted to ask, ki many TINO API keys dihya in environment document?
Ruchi S: But ye… it's saying that the string is expected, and, none type RIS mein. I don't know what the problem is.
Sunny Savita: A string is accepted… keep as a string, no, just show me that.
Sunny Savita: Ew.
Ruchi S: Is my screen visible?
Sunny Savita: No, it is not.
Ruchi S: Okay…
Sunny Savita: Share the screen.
Ruchi S: Yo.
Ruchi S: Is it visible now?
Sunny Savita: No, it is not, no, yeah, now it is visible.
Ruchi S: Okay, so it's still showing me this error.
Sunny Savita: Show me your .env file.
Sunny Savita: This one, okay.
Sunny Savita: now just, just close this screen, the right-hand side screen. This one, no? Joom balay woke karto, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, keep it full only, just full, just maximize the VS Code.
Sunny Savita: And give me, give me a second, until you can maximize this.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Ruchi, are you there? Please share the screen, you stop sharing.
Sunny Savita: Hello, Ruchi.
Sunny Savita: Hello.
Sunny Savita: Guys, can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine.
Sunny Savita: Richie is not… There, I think, then.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Sovik, what's your doubt? Sovik?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Actually, my similar doubt, like Ruchi was, I was having this problem, but I have solved it already, because I was not restarting the kernel, so once I restarted the kernel, the problem gone.
Sunny Savita: Oh, okay, great.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So, the same, same problem that Ruchi was having, same problem, exactly same problem.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we have to restart the kernel. Even I started the… I restarted the kernel, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, yeah, yeah, okay, fine.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Bhagwan does, what's your doubt?
bhagwandas armani: Yeah, right, so you have explained quite a few models on the, what did you say, on the embeddings, right? So…
bhagwandas armani: what you can say, list of conditions, or not conditions, parameters that you choose. Which model is better, one over the other?
bhagwandas armani: What scenarios you feel better?
Sunny Savita: That, actually, we have our, this, leaderboard we can check out over there. Based on certain parameter also, we can discuss that. Okay, so tomorrow I can explain that part, don't worry, okay?
bhagwandas armani: Okay, and the second question I have is, you have to explain Mash API, right?
bhagwandas armani: Or DA.
bhagwandas armani: So, there are some paid models also there. Can we use those paid models, or only free models are allowed to use?
Sunny Savita: You can use, the paid model also, if you have the credits, otherwise use the free model, that is fine for the practice and all.
bhagwandas armani: Okay.
bhagwandas armani: And, we have something called, the third question I have is, we have AWS Bedrock. This is also an embedding model only, right? Which is provided by AWS, or is it something?
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. AWS is also providing a metic model. Even you can read it from there also, okay?
bhagwandas armani: Okay.
Sunny Savita: No.
bhagwandas armani: So, at the end, at the end, lastly, so we need two things. One is embedding model is, like, if I want to generate, if I want to build my own LLM suit, okay, for end-to-end queries or anything, I need… one is embedding model, as well as another is, once I extract embedding, then I need an LLM suit, okay, kind of…
bhagwandas armani: Gemini or OpenAI models, to generate the text what I wanted. Is that something my understanding.
Sunny Savita: Yes, language model is a different, emitting model is a different, actually, okay?
bhagwandas armani: Okay, and where do the context window will fit in this?
Sunny Savita: Context window…
Sunny Savita: Context window basically is a different thing. While we prepare our data for the training now, at that time it comes, actually, okay?
bhagwandas armani: That's cool.
Sunny Savita: Context window, there is one more thing about the context window, once we'll learn about the LLMs, you know? So we'll understand the context size, context window of that particular model.
Sunny Savita: So, maybe you have seen 128K token, somewhere, like, around 500K token, some model can be around 1 million of token, okay? So the input and output, both, we are going to be combined, so if it is not going to be accept that much of number.
Sunny Savita: So that model can bear at least those… that much of, like, token, okay? So, tokens is nothing, this context window is nothing, it's just a way of preparing a data based on some window size for the training perspective.
Sunny Savita: And though that model, my model only can, perform the prediction based off on the context window only. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
bhagwandas armani: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you. Yeah, Jameer, please go ahead with the doubt.
JAMEER AHMAD: Hey, hi sirvita, sir, thank you, thank you for picking, my note.
JAMEER AHMAD: So, actually, I have imported Google Gemini, key, and I'm able to, I mean, import the key, but when I'm running the embed query, right, then it is not running, and, like, this query is, this method is not, defined. Can you share my screen, and if you can just have a look once?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you can share the screen.
JAMEER AHMAD: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Mitch, what is your doubt?
JAMEER AHMAD: I don't see… but… from where I can see the screen, sir.
Amit: No, no one else?
Sunny Savita: There is a screen share option, just check out with your Zoom machine.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, mate, wait, okay.
JAMEER AHMAD: Yeah, I guess, I can see, I can see.
Sunny Savita: solve the jummy doubt, then I'll come to you, okay?
Amit: Gosh.
JAMEER AHMAD: Savita, can you see my screen now?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can see.
JAMEER AHMAD: Yeah, Sunny. Sorry, Sunny, yeah. So, if you see here, right.
JAMEER AHMAD: I have imported, Google, Langchain Google Genai, and then I have created the, I mean, object for embedding model using this Google Generative AI embedding. This is also fine, but when I'm, trying to embed the query, right, getting the embedding, right, during that time, it is not running.
JAMEER AHMAD: It is, fading.
JAMEER AHMAD: this part.
Sunny Savita: Alright, it's a error to check KJ error hai, but error thickly je.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down, KJ.
Sunny Savita: What is error?
JAMEER AHMAD: Error, 404 not found.
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, wait.
Sunny Savita: Embedding model is not found for the API version beta.
Sunny Savita: model, then show me the model. Scroll up.
JAMEER AHMAD: So it's, Gemini, embedding 001.
JAMEER AHMAD: Gen AI, I'm waiting 0 to 1.
Sunny Savita: model use karonga.
JAMEER AHMAD: Sir, Germany, let me just update with the Germany one.
Sunny Savita: Just copy this line, my line, and paste it over here.
JAMEER AHMAD: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yevolo.
Sunny Savita: a gut.
JAMEER AHMAD: I think it's, this is fine also. Let me just… yeah, it's worth.
Sunny Savita: Altern.
JAMEER AHMAD: I think…
Sunny Savita: like diautar, right?
JAMEER AHMAD: Yes, yes, yes. Certainly, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you.
Amit: Yo.
Sunny Savita: Could you tell me what's your dog?
Amit: Actually, yeah.
Amit: Tani, actually, there is a two, two, no, two, three things.
Amit: In my mind. So, Janak, is your transformer?
Amit: a model, neural network-based model. So, how we can identify it? It is a terapomous base, or a neural network-based.
Sunny Savita: Sir, architecture, you can identify, no? Just by seeing the architecture.
Amit: Okay.
Amit: okay.
Amit: Or, second point here, ki jaise jo hum ameding karte hain, right?
Amit: So, COVID ka johi aapy model use kya, tos mein around uske length 384 around year.
Amit: So, basically, wo number ka hai, wo kya indicate karta.
Sunny Savita: What number features ko indicate karta hai, ki ye feature hai uswale sentence meh, actually.
Sunny Savita: We'll be just back.
Amit: Jesus.
Amit: Agora.
Sunny Savita: Word-to-back model ko teking, tohap sa much concept samjaya awe.
Amit: Awesome Jayatha, right, right, right.
Sunny Savita: Right. Ja say king wealthy hair, king man hair, king… human hair, right?
Amit: Take pictures.
Sunny Savita: So we represent karte hain, but he actually black box se ha much di Pate, amko pata nichal pata ki con konse feature hai, actually, okay?
Amit: Toh unko me just say hum mein word karke dek paare. Toh kya uskoham jo, to model mending detang ko print karke dek sehne isiske behind me kya ka valuation.
Amit: on me.
Sunny Savita: to usko.
Amit: Okay. Ofit jaise main query ki amending ni kali, aur amne document ki amending ni kali.
Amit: To wait any embedding to match karke internal jubi logic hota hai, wo weight nikolta hai, right? The same identify karate, these are equivalent to this, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, means that the mathematical value, actually, means we have two vector, okay?
Sunny Savita: Whatever mathematical value we are getting, we are saying it, this is a similarity between that, that's it.
Amit: agar humi kalke det meh kisi model mein, apna feature at karne hai.
Amit: Bisseki hum kricus salt kein.
Amit: So, wo fine-tuning ka partutan?
Sunny Savita: Yes, you can fine-tune, correct.
Amit: So, how they know, okay, I'm a student of yours? They're providing some kind of a key or something, or it is open, anyone can use it?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, as of now, you can check with the free model, just let us know the performance, we'll talk back on that, we'll ask for some credits for all of you, okay?
Amit: Okay, after that, right?
Sunny Savita: No.
Amit: Okay, okay, thanks. Thank you so much. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, Amita.
Sunny Savita: Okay, next doubt is, Charles, do you have any doubt?
Sunny Savita: Okay, Kalyan, Charles, anyone is there? Sage?
KALYAN MURMU: Nope. Sonny, can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can hear you.
KALYAN MURMU: Yeah, Sunny, pretty much similar doubt, which, other people had. Can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share just a second.
Sunny Savita: I am adding in a panelist.
Sunny Savita: Charles, I cannot hear you. I think you have some problem with your mic, just check with your mic.
Charles Fon: Hello?
KALYAN MURMU: you know.
KALYAN MURMU: Can you see my screen now, Sunny?
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can see.
KALYAN MURMU: Okay, so… this is… I have set up my key over here, okay?
KALYAN MURMU: Now, if I'm going…
KALYAN MURMU: So I'm trying to use Google,
KALYAN MURMU: this one, this model, and when I'm executing it, I'm getting this error when I'm passing the query over here.
KALYAN MURMU: And the error showing is this one, generative AI.
KALYAN MURMU: content.
KALYAN MURMU: Similarly for OpenAI as well. OpenAI model also, when I'm passing in this query.
KALYAN MURMU: Getting similar kind of analysis.
KALYAN MURMU: I think it is related to the queue only. Not able to figure out.
Sunny Savita: So, show me the code ones, can you scroll up?
Sunny Savita: Just wait.
Sunny Savita: Google Generative Embedding.
Sunny Savita: Google Jump Model.
Sunny Savita: But I'm not sure what is the capital of France?
Sunny Savita: Slow down.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down.
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, what is the error?
Sunny Savita: Error embedding content in weather document.
Sunny Savita: API key, not valid. Valid API key. API key aaposahini hai.
KALYAN MURMU: Okay.
Sunny Savita: If you have just…
KALYAN MURMU: I have put up over, just now, I copied.
Sunny Savita: Show me the dot-to-dot ENV file.
KALYAN MURMU: dot ENB is this one.
Sunny Savita: Just, go with your dot… just go with your file, IPONV file.
Sunny Savita: IPO Nv5, first keep it on autosave.
Sunny Savita: Just go with the file. File, edit, selection, those options are there, no?
Sunny Savita: Autosave perk toh, autosave.
Sunny Savita: Preference keeper autosave woka aapde kumar.
Sunny Savita: scroll up kuro, restart ko kernel ko.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Sunny Savita: env file akna.
Sunny Savita: Google API key.
Sunny Savita: Take care, and now go ahead with the code.
Sunny Savita: Not on it.
Sunny Savita: Wait. Just check it once.
Sunny Savita: os.cod.kt env google API key run karna ig bara.
Sunny Savita: Excel, Excel open corona osmar and karna.
Sunny Savita: Open a new cell, and run this os.getenv.
Sunny Savita: Google API key, right?
KALYAN MURMU: who's… Don't…
Sunny Savita: Here, why you're getting that red line on that, that, code?
KALYAN MURMU: This one?
Sunny Savita: Over the mouse, wait, over the mouse.
Sunny Savita: ISDN cannot be assigned to paramount.
Sunny Savita: See, sir, apneg, mistake Yadhar, actually.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, mouse, atta yap na?
Sunny Savita: Google API key. Merai code me jaykar, may I code JJK, open key J.
Sunny Savita: GitHub open gijay.
KALYAN MURMU: By screen, or just a second.
KALYAN MURMU: Oh, dear.
Sunny Savita: Scroll up, Kijay. Scroll up, Kijay.
Sunny Savita: Uber, uber, uber.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, se copy karke maharle ke jahe.
Sunny Savita: ako.
Sunny Savita: Annapolik here?
Sunny Savita: Let's go on, Kijay.
Sunny Savita: We ever check kaliyo OS.getenb aap Google API ako ki deer haikini dirah.
KALYAN MURMU: Ye.
Sunny Savita: Set up os.gaten with os.getEn with copy karke run kijo.
Sunny Savita: OS dot.
KALYAN MURMU: M.
Sunny Savita: Gipped over here, right?
Sunny Savita: Ernik?
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: If free, free kulke kachar, I will taye.
KALYAN MURMU: The…
Sunny Savita: 3 entire year, I'll say.
Sunny Savita: subset of yellow, pretty, pretty quickly.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Sunny Savita: Are we safe? Okay. Now, let's say I file per restart kernel KG or on KG.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, not only.
KALYAN MURMU: Alright, so… I think this was the one.
KALYAN MURMU: Perfect, yep.
KALYAN MURMU: Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you so much, honey. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Your next stop is Tej, Charles, anyone is there? Please go ahead.
Charles Fon: Yeah, yeah, I don't know what I'm hearing.
Sunny Savita: Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you.
Tej: Oh.
Charles Fon: Yeah, I just want… I just want to share my screen so that you see what is going on there.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure.
Charles Fon: Yeah.
Charles Fon: Can you give me the right to share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Here, you can join as a panelist.
Charles Fon: I don't have it pop on my screen.
Charles Fon: Always will I join it?
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Charles Fon: Where is it? Where can I join it?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can join.
Charles Fon: Yeah, I don't have it pop on my screen.
Charles Fon: It used to pop on my screen, but I don't have it.
Sunny Savita: Join it… join it as a panelist.
Charles Fon: Yes, I don't know where to join it.
Sunny Savita: No, just click on the join, join as a panelist, that's it. You automatically will be moved into the panelist, okay?
Charles Fon: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Don't decline, sir, don't decline. Just join as a panelist.
Charles Fon: Yeah, that's what I'm trying to see.
Charles Fon: Okay, yeah, okay, I'll send it now.
Charles Fon: Yeah.
Charles Fon: Hmm…
Sunny Savita: Yes, please, share the screen now.
Sunny Savita: You are getting option now to share the screen, Treg.
Charles Fon: Yeah, I got you, I got you, yeah.
Charles Fon: I think this one.
Charles Fon: I'm gonna finish this one.
Charles Fon: Can you see my screen now? I think I can see it now.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I can see.
Charles Fon: Okay, anytime I run this one, this particular one, it must come, like, if I run… if I run… if I run all, anytime I run, like, 4 or 5 times, it must appear 5 times. For instance, here.
Charles Fon: They learn of embedding. They learn embedding, see, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Scumming.
Charles Fon: Four of them. If I run, I keep on running, it's coming many times, so I don't know what is going on.
Charles Fon: Then they said the length, see, it's coming, the shape.
Charles Fon: It's coming with a blank, blank screen.
Charles Fon: So I don't know what is coming… what's happening there.
Sunny Savita: Restart your kernel.
Sunny Savita: I restart it, click on restart.
Charles Fon: Yeah, I'm clicking there.
Charles Fon: It's noticed,
Charles Fon: It is just rest… it's not restarting.
Sunny Savita: Reload the window.
Sunny Savita: Go with the view, click on view.
Charles Fon: Yeah?
Sunny Savita: View, command palette.
Sunny Savita: Hmm. Now here, reload window, first option.
Sunny Savita: I think your system configuration is low, that's why it's hanging.
Charles Fon: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: What's your system configuration?
Charles Fon: What's the mean of system conflugation?
Sunny Savita: System configuration means RAM, Okay, which…
Charles Fon: The round is, the round is, yeah, I think it should be 16GB.
Charles Fon: It's an i7?
Sunny Savita: Just scroll down, sorry, scroll up, and restart this kernel again, if you're getting options.
Sunny Savita: Wait, it is detecting the kernel, let it detect, okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Close this setting. Why you opened it.
Charles Fon: No, it came by yourself.
Sunny Savita: Now restart the command.
Charles Fon: It's not a… okay.
Charles Fon: It's not reacting.
Sunny Savita: Are you stuck?
Charles Fon: I'm clicking…
Sunny Savita: Do one thing, sir. I think your store system is, like, not supporting. Just restart the entire system.
Charles Fon: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Charles Fon: opponent.
Sunny Savita: And then, check it again, it will be working. No, do one thing, restart the entire system, sir, it is hanging a lot, okay?
Charles Fon: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: just restart the entire system once, it will reset all the settings and all. Then again, open the VS Code and run it again. It won't give you any sort of an error, okay? Just follow my code, that's it.
Charles Fon: I'm cooking.
Charles Fon: Yeah.
Tej: Fair.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Tej: Sandy, can I go next?
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah, Teacher, please go ahead.
Tej: Okay, so how do I share screen?
Sunny Savita: Mmm… Just a second.
Tej: Join as panelists, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yes, you can share the screen now.
Tej: Okay, can you see the screen, Sunny?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can see something.
Tej: Okay, actually, let me share the second screen.
Tej: So, I see that every time I restart the machine, my environment is getting messed up.
Tej: So, when I tried to reinstall
Tej: the requirements. It is throwing this, this error.
Sunny Savita: What is the server?
Tej: Just failed to resolve.
Sunny Savita: So, can you zoom your screen? I think you are sharing your monitor, which is having very high resolution, maybe, so…
Tej: Oh, okay, so let me just move it.
Sunny Savita: Just.
Tej: Maybe… okay, just…
Sunny Savita: Increase the size of the screen.
Tej: Okay. Let me, share it in a small screen, so that way.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
Tej: Okay.
Tej: Is it better now, Sunny?
Tej: Is it better, Sunny?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it is better.
Tej: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Help to resolve requirements, scikit-learn, whatever.
Sunny Savita: Which Python version you are using? Show me that.
Tej: Yeah, I pointed to 3.1.
Sunny Savita: Give me a good story if I'm right in the correct direction.
Sunny Savita: Just, again, write this Python.
Sunny Savita: Okay, remove this command and write Python only, and hit enter.
Tej: It won't.
Sunny Savita: disk, alright, Python.
Sunny Savita: See, it is 3.14 CC.
Tej: Yeah, so… see, I tried to…
Tej: pointed back to this one, right? Again, it is coming back to… see, here I said, use 3, 1.
Sunny Savita: Just delete it and create it again. All the environment.
Sunny Savita: delete.bnb, let me tell you what all thing you need to delete, okay? Delete all those things.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Tej: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: Just really don't be envy first.
Tej: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now delete this .evn, what is this? EVN?
Tej: This one?
Sunny Savita: Delete it.
Tej: Need.
Sunny Savita: The current CPython… what is the CPython 3.11.15? Delete this also.
Tej: Yeah, this…
Sunny Savita: So, in the project folder.
Tej: Oh, in the project, Dude.
Sunny Savita: Delete this 3. C, Python 3.11.15.
Tej: Oh, this one.
Sunny Savita: Oh, I like it.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now do one thing, wait.
Sunny Savita: Delete this terminal, also open the new, fresh terminal.
Sunny Savita: Delete this terminal.
Tej: Yeah, one second, this is still bothering me.
Sunny Savita: option to delete Jash, Jess, Jessica, they call Jash, Jed as such.
Tej: You are an agent.
Sunny Savita: A new, fresh terminal, open convert.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Sunny Savita: UB python list leko.
Sunny Savita: 3.11 si Python copy karo.
Sunny Savita: So now I'm in a 3.11 VOAP copy per home.
Sunny Savita: Copy that.
Tej: You are in, huh.
Sunny Savita: So, copy COVID.
Sunny Savita: command, UB, VNBENV.
Tej: Huh? Oh, you're not?
Sunny Savita: Env, ENV logo, ENV.
Tej: Yeah, order.
Sunny Savita: U-V-V-N-V-E-N-V.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Tej: Oh, ELV Tech Naga.
Sunny Savita: and we have now py-python look here.
Sunny Savita: hyphen, hyphen, Python, iske baadi nam paste kart space.
Sunny Savita: Oh, Abu Hit Rental Corona?
Sunny Savita: wo copy karke.
Sunny Savita: Activate Hawk. Abhi looko Python look Python?
Sunny Savita: The copy Psy environment array, no? Sorry, Psy version array.
Sunny Savita: Abhis mayap install karotikan.txt.
Tej: Boom.
Sunny Savita: Harbaar matla, jabbi naya environment banana, Japkarna padegapo.
Tej: Environment, money, like…
Sunny Savita: Abi banga environment, abi project may use karo aap, kalkunaya ko requirement aaya, jogi 3.11 ke sat kam ni karah. Toh 3.12 environment banana lo, mahapara aap use karna start kart us ko.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Tej: Mirko, if it's a…
Sunny Savita: 999 aaphos, that's…
Tej: 314 kilom.
Sunny Savita: Actually, kaya kiana, apne pela class aapne deka monolka. Usme usnai UB init sehaya. Ap meene aapko UB se nahi dekaya, ki wo confusing hotai tohala za.
Sunny Savita: or wo kamka binaya, me kafi sari unnecessary file lahi hai. A firmmane aapko dusare method sa dihai aap na bobi kartia, toh eke terminal sabku chija mejdrop karte jaare ho, essa.
Sunny Savita: clear cut like keys are command DOE ha already.
Tej: Okay.
Sunny Savita: aap mira.
Tej: dari.
Sunny Savita: Huh.
Sunny Savita: via GitHub mira, open coronavirus.
Tej: Yeah, Raha GitHub.
Tej: Hakka… maybe…
Sunny Savita: Write Sunisa with a GitHub, write that.
Sunny Savita: You will get it, okay?
Tej: You good?
Tej: Sunday'.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, in the browser, right? In the browser.
Tej: Dash Savita, yeah, I see.
Sunny Savita: browser palek DJ Sani savita GitHub ahajay ga wa link, link hoga.
Tej: We don't.
Sunny Savita: It's go open Kijay.
Sunny Savita: Huh, abusement, yeah, they keep… Right-hand side param repository. Class 2 meh, yes mah. Class 2 meh.
Sunny Savita: Class 2 me, is mein Notion Notes pajahid, Notion Notes, you'll be set up.
Tej: Notion… Class 2 main, Notion Nodes UE setup.
Sunny Savita: Maybe they can scroll down, KJ. Sara, come on, look over.
Tej: Auto. Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: That's it.
Tej: UVE VNV, Python version.
Sunny Savita: agar aapne pull karoghe, top ko ajay ga chains.
Tej: Gotcha. Meh ye do saalag PDF use karata? I think that was misleading.
Sunny Savita: go through karna chi.
Tej: Master Grade Degrata, meh.
Sunny Savita: Ye actually mein, kya hai wo pelemon leisure kartia, abi mein esco bol na bulge methodo. I think usne pellah class lia to usne ye share kiya. But it's okay.
Tej: secured.
Sunny Savita: detailed knowledge kil, like into bare minimum setup kilh steps required, and also my VA follows, okay?
Tej: You just say that. Thank you, Sunny. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you.
Mitul Shah: And you're gonna go next?
Sunny Savita: Just a second, sir, let me check. Ssr, are you there?
SSR: Yes.
Sunny Savita: SSR, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can go.
SSR: Hi, Sunny, this is Bhav Si.
SSR: I just want to know that when we have a convert into vector mode, we got rid of sub 384, 3052, and sub-other, so how would we know that which one is going to fit based upon the, input data?
SSR: So that is my question. How would we know?
SSR: bottom.
SSR: Now, how would we know which model is the right fit to the input data?
Sunny Savita: No, sir, actually, no, see, if the dimension is high, it means it is capturing more information.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, if the dimension is 3000, 5000, means it is capturing more and more information, more and more context.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, if you're providing any sort of a sentence, anything, if the dimension high means the context is high. It is getting a lot of context.
Sunny Savita: Now, if you're asking fitting to the model, so there could be so many meaning of it. Fitting of the model means how it is processing that while it is converting into the embedding. So, that is a complete inferencing process for that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so in which context you are asking this thing, fitting, basically?
SSR: Now, okay, let me give an example. Today, we… I mean, like, let's take an example. The title of my country, okay? Here, when we are converting
SSR: we use the OpenAPA as well as Google embedding models to convert into a vector model, like an embedding model. When we do a shape of it, we get 3843052, right? So that kind of model, we are trying to convert that data into embedding structure, which is a vector matrix.
SSR: Like, so… so in the model, in the library, when you're importing, either Google or OpenAI, you are choosing certain models where you get some other output. But when you use Go for a large model, obviously the data… the vector will be higher.
SSR: Even though we're providing the example or lab, we are providing the same input to the both models.
SSR: So, my question is that, how would we know that which model is the right, candidate here?
Sunny Savita: which model is the right candidate means you are asking the best fit model, correct? Means, which model we need to be, like, select as a best one. See, sir, there is no meaning of the best model. Based on the certain experiment, actually, we have to decide.
Sunny Savita: So, even I listed the point in my notes, if you will check.
Sunny Savita: Maybe tomorrow I'll show you that. See? How to select a best model.
Sunny Savita: So the first is the embedding quality. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, there is some benchmark, actually, MTV benchmark, BEI benchmark. So, based on this benchmark.
SSR: Sunny, I lost you for a while.
SSR: Yeah, my article.
Narendra Chundi: Let's your audio, Sonic.
lingareddy alva: Looking like I think he lost.
Mitul Shah: Yeah.
SSR: Yeah.
lingareddy alva: Something about Kindle.
lingareddy alva: I think he has been facing some internet glitch since morning, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, can you hear me? Sorry, I disconnected, maybe because of internet. Can you hear me now?
SSR: Now I can hear you, Sam.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, what I was saying, basically. So, based on this particular parameter only, we can decide the best possible matter.
Sunny Savita: best possible model. Or we can check the leaderboard and all. Leaderboard basically describes the model in a better way. It's wrote, like, so many metrics and all, okay? So tomorrow I can discuss onto this part. Even we have… I have some codebase also.
Sunny Savita: Based on that also, we can check which model is a good one, okay? So, let me show you this,
Sunny Savita: Codebase also.
Sunny Savita: So, using this codebase now?
Sunny Savita: We can evaluate our model.
Sunny Savita: Can you see this codebase?
SSR: Yes.
Sunny Savita: So, here, inside this code base, see what is happening.
Sunny Savita: Evaluation, STS benchmark, okay? So this is the MTV benchmark only. Now, see, we are passing a model over here.
Sunny Savita: Then we are evaluating based on this MTV benchmark. Now, on what all, basically, parameter, we are evaluating that model. So, there is some metrics, like Spearman metrics, Pearson metrics, cosine Spearman, and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so based on this, basically, we can check. Let's say this is our model, which we are passing. So here is our score. Okay, this is our score. Then, if we are passing this model, Cent 3, we are getting this score. If we are passing this model, this embedding model, now see this score, right? So I kept all the results over here, and I have checked.
Sunny Savita: So, BAI, BG model is giving me a highest score, so I might use this particular model, because it is performing well on top of the different, different benchmark.
Sunny Savita: So, likewise also, based on the MTB benchmark, we can evaluate our model. Getting my point?
SSR: Yeah, excellent, excellent. And yeah, I mean, I think you answered my question in the right way. And another question is that in today's lab, you've shown us the two models, okay? One is from the OpenAPA.
SSR: As well as from the Google, okay? And the.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
SSR: shape of the matrix is exactly the same, 3072. So… so now, today, just now, you show an example, right? If you run these two models against to that program, the results should be same, right?
SSR: Are we.
Sunny Savita: Not like that.
SSR: is different.
Sunny Savita: Because we don't know, like, on which data Google has trained, on which data OpenAI has trained, so they have trained on about different, different data, actually, right?
SSR: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: I can tell you in that veil, in some other way.
Sunny Savita: How I can explain that?
Sunny Savita: Boom.
SSR: via…
Sunny Savita: art historians.
SSR: Today, given its.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say, let's suppose, yeah, let's suppose you have a car.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I have also car. Now, you ran your car, maybe 50,000 kilometer. I also run my car, 50,000 kilometer, right? But, it's not the same one. You went onto the same route, like I went. My route is a different one, and your route is a different one.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, in a same way, Google is also giving a same dimension, OpenAI is also giving a same dimension. But the data, basically, they have chosen on which… in which way they have, like, trained the model in a backend, we don't know that, right? So, it will give you the different result, not the same, actually. Got it?
SSR: Yeah, yeah, now I understand. In today's lab.
Sunny Savita: Because both belong to the… because, yeah, because both belong to the different organization, no? That's why.
SSR: Correct, correct, correct.
Sunny Savita: You know.
SSR: Yes, yes. Yeah, I think, you answered my questions. Thank you.
lingareddy alva: There's amazing.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, link ready, right? Please go ahead.
lingareddy alva: Yeah, thanks, Sunny. It's a great teaching.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yes.
lingareddy alva: and meaningful way, and only few trainers can teach in this way. You're one of them, I can say.
lingareddy alva: And my question is, you explained the semantic search versus the keyword search, right?
lingareddy alva: In your coding, semantic searching used the OpenAI model, but, key search, I think you didn't use any, model, right? Just, it is a collection, you imported a counter. That is only just a Python library, is it, right? My understanding is correct.
Sunny Savita: Keyword search is not based on the model, actually. It is just a simple Pythonic deterministic logic, that's it.
lingareddy alva: Keyword… keyword search?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, keyword search, correct.
lingareddy alva: Oh, okay, yeah, yeah. That's… you used any… you didn't use any model, just it is a Python library.
Sunny Savita: No, and that we don't use any model, just a simple Pythonic logic, that's it.
lingareddy alva: Only semantic searches, we used, a model, OBA model, or whatever.
Sunny Savita: Current.
lingareddy alva: horn.
Sunny Savita: Correct.
lingareddy alva: Okay, yeah, that is a question I have. Thank you, thank you, Samir.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you, sir. Now…
Renjan Bhasi: Okay, swimming.
Sunny Savita: The next out, yes, Mithul, please go ahead.
Mitul Shah: Yeah, Sunny, I have two doubts, actually. Can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share the screen.
Sunny Savita: Guys, just give me 2 minutes, okay? Taking a small break, then I'll start. Yeah, Method, I'm adding in a panelist.
Mitul Shah: Penny, can you see my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yes, sir, please tell. What's it out?
Mitul Shah: Yeah, so, first out is, I don't know… this is the code from last Sunday, actually. So, I'm not able to install the gensim library, even after running, like, a requirements.txt file, or even by, installing using uvweep install gensim.
Mitul Shah: I don't know why. Can you just check it?
Mitul Shah: I tried different versions of GenSim Library as well, but I'm not able to install it.
Sunny Savita: In which environment you are installing that?
Mitul Shah: my E. envy.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, now which environment you selected in Notebook?
Mitul Shah: Oh, okay, base, that's why.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Select the correct environment.
Sunny Savita: Select this My ENV, where it is.
Mitul Shah: Oh, goodness.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, this one, below one, huh, use it.
Sunny Savita: Now run it, restart the kernel, run it.
Mitul Shah: Why is it?
Sunny Savita: IPYNP kernel is not there, no? Install IPYNP kernel. Write ubpip install IPYP kernel.
Mitul Shah: I think I did that as well.
Mitul Shah: But it was not…
Mitul Shah: IP one.
Sunny Savita: C-E-K-E-R-N-E-L.
Mitul Shah: I… no, UV web install, IPYN.
Sunny Savita: IPY kernels, K-E-R-N-E-L.
Mitul Shah: Oh, okay.
Mitul Shah: Now this should work.
Sunny Savita: Now restart it and run it.
Mitul Shah: Oops.
Mitul Shah: Well, maybe I was not destarting it, and that's why it was doing this error.
Mitul Shah: But it's not allowing me to reside.
Sunny Savita: IPY kernel. Just install from this, shell only. Just write ubpip install IPY kernel inside the Jupyter Notebook, no, write that command.
Mitul Shah: Yeah, right?
Sunny Savita: Jupyter Notebook. Open the new shell, and write over there, that command.
Sunny Savita: Alright, open the new code shell. Code.
Mitul Shah: New terminal, right?
Sunny Savita: Code, code, code, code cell, code cell.
Mitul Shah: Oh, okay.
Sunny Savita: Or a markdown ke bajum and a code, right?
Mitul Shah: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: No, right here. UB, exclamation mark.
Sunny Savita: Shift plus 1.
Sunny Savita: Now UBP installed.
Sunny Savita: hyphen R, UBIM install, IPYB kernel. No, no, not hyphen R, IPY kernel, that's it.
Sunny Savita: Run it.
Mitul Shah: Install…
Sunny Savita: Click on Install, click on Install.
Mitul Shah: Okay, and then run this one.
Sunny Savita: Now run it again.
Mitul Shah: No, si. No, no?
Sunny Savita: module Pandas, install Pondas, ubwep install pandas.
Mitul Shah: I think it will also, install everything, maybe.
Sunny Savita: Now install every, this one, UB… install hyphenrrequirement.txt.
Sunny Savita: See, you made one more mistake, though. You are using base environment there, right? Don't use the base environment. First, deactivate the base environment, then again, activate the myenvironment. Run the requiring.txt, your pip install require.txt, and then check, run it again, okay?
Sunny Savita: It will work.
Sunny Savita: On the terminal lah, the C.
Sunny Savita: Two environment is there over the terminal, my ENB and base.
Sunny Savita: So first, deactivate the base. Open the new terminal.
Mitul Shah: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Code.
Mitul Shah: I do it, right?
Sunny Savita: First, deactivate this base. Deactivate the base terminal.
Mitul Shah: How to do that?
Sunny Savita: Deactivate this MyENV, myENV, deactivate.
Mitul Shah: How to do that? I forgot, actually.
Sunny Savita: MyENV folder, my… click on MyENV folder.
Mitul Shah: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, this one, VIN. Click, open the bin.
Sunny Savita: Deactivate command over, right? Deactivate. Copy the deactivate command.
Sunny Savita: Your window scale here,
Sunny Savita: No, there's not deactivated.
Mitul Shah: This is the only deactivate component of which I can see.
Sunny Savita: write deactivate, then source deactivate. I think it will deactivate.
Mitul Shah: Where should I write?
Sunny Savita: Terminal.
Mitul Shah: Towards deactivate.
Sunny Savita: He just sort the activator.
Mitul Shah: That's it?
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Mitul Shah: Oh, God, did it.
Sunny Savita: Now, right? Okay, now it is deactivated, no? Conda is deactivate, Conda, it is deactivated, I think you cannot see Conda base right there.
Mitul Shah: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Now, write ubpip install hyphen are required.txt, write it here.
Mitul Shah: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now restart the kernel and check again.
Sunny Savita: But aren't it?
Mitul Shah: No.
Sunny Savita: Install it from here, from this notebook only.
Mitul Shah: Should I run this cell first?
Mitul Shah: Maybe it might work.
Mitul Shah: Okay, I think it is running, because Pandas, NumPy, OS, and Jensim are installed.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, now install the other one and run the entire code, okay?
Mitul Shah: Yeah. What was my mistake? Can you tell me again?
Sunny Savita: Nothing, actually. I think your terminal environment is pointing to something. Just install it from here, then restart the system, and then open the new terminal and check it again, after deactivating the conda environment. If this my envy is not working, create a new environment, and then…
Sunny Savita: Then again, check, okay?
Mitul Shah: Okay, and I had one more doubt, like, I always get confused, like, how to select the kernel.
Sunny Savita: Select the current environment kernel. That's a best practice, okay?
Mitul Shah: So, no, so I don't… so, first, like, whatever comes over here, like, you should just select that part, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes, correct. This is all the perks.
Mitul Shah: Okay, okay, got it, got it.
Mitul Shah: Yeah, this was the only outreach I had. Thank you!
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Can I go to anywhere?
Sunny Savita: No doubt, guys.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, tell me, please.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, so can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: You've been sure.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Oh, let me know you could see my screen.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Alright, so almost I could be able to execute earlier, I was also getting…
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: That… the API key issues, but after listening.
Sunny Savita: Good.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: discussion.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Tell them myself.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: There are a couple of things, related to this, and one is general.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: When I run this OpenAPI, I'm getting that rate limit one is because of I didn't purchase that API key due to that, or I never executed OpenAPI key-based file.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: So this is what the error which I'm getting. It says that… don't have embedding.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you are getting this error because you didn't purchase the credits, no? Once you will purchase the credit, you won't get that, okay?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, perfect. So, that's where I converted that, whatever you gave, into a generally API-based.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: And, it is asking me to do this. Again, I used the ChatGPT kind, and it, you know, whatever you have that… you don't have that code here, there, but I, you know, it requires some conversions, looks like, after you have the numpy and you need to put that dot product, etc, then you could be able to get the results.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Whatever, yeah, we are looking. So, no, my, my general question is, let's, you know, in my organization, like, let's take, we wanted to have some agentic-based,
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: approach where, we wanted to identify, I am looking at some solutions here, actually. Identify some on-call-related issues or production issues, practically, and fix them using the knowledge-based, articles, whatever we have.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Can you give some idea how we could use this knowledge and apply there?
Sunny Savita: So, this is, like, a very starting level of this, gene and all, right? We are just understanding the fundamental embeddings.
Sunny Savita: For that, actually, you will have to wait for a couple of more modules, like RAG Agent, until we are not going to create a… at least one, full-fledged working, solution, okay? So that we can, get the conclusion, like, why we are learning all this thing.
Sunny Savita: So, just wait for, I would suggest you at least 8 to 10 more classes, then you automatically will get a visibility, then where we can utilize all this thing, right?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Chill.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Thank you, sir.
Renjan Bhasi: Great, so…
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Renjan Bhasi: Didn't get complaining?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, Angel, please go ahead.
Renjan Bhasi: Yeah, I will not take a lot of your time, I know it's already too late. I'm from the US time zone, so, it's known for me. A couple of, I've been curious, like, not sure, like, you know, when the Zoom meeting, you know, chat, the messages I send, like, you know, is it coming to your, to you or not? I'm always getting
Renjan Bhasi: that, you know, Yash Patel cannot receive a message, it is never going out from my chat window.
Sunny Savita: Yes, is, I don't know, he's checking, but yeah, the flow is very high, so…
Sunny Savita: Some of the message might missed, actually. That's why… Like, I'm a…
Renjan Bhasi: Oh my god.
Sunny Savita: route session.
Renjan Bhasi: Yeah, just want to confirm, like, you're seeing the comments from the Zoom chat window.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, from the chat only, correct, correct, from the chat only.
Renjan Bhasi: Okay, there's a Q&A option, like, is… that is another place where I can add some curious, you know.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, just chat only, just add in the chat, okay?
Renjan Bhasi: Okay, I mean, I never see, like, you know, all these classes, like, in one of my queries, like, you know, I know you are getting so many messages, totally understand, not a problem. So I thought, like, maybe I'm making some mistake. The other part, the assignments, like, you know, in the website, I tried to see where to submit it, like, I couldn't find a place.
Renjan Bhasi: Was that submitted to your email address, or some… somewhere in the website itself?
Sunny Savita: No, I shared one Google Form you can submit via that, just a second.
Sunny Savita: I am sharing with you.
Renjan Bhasi: Thanks.
Sunny Savita: I shared it in the chat, okay.
Renjan Bhasi: Alright, cool. Okay, sounds good.
Renjan Bhasi: Not sure if it's too late or not, like, I was trying to find a way, I'll still submit if it is okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, you can submit.
Renjan Bhasi: Okay, cool. One last thing, yeah, I mean, just a, you know, feedback. The sessions are really good. I know you're dealing with so many geographically separate, population and,
Renjan Bhasi: the time zones. I really appreciate, like, you know, the good work you're doing. I like your, you know, teaching style as well. You know, I attended some other, you know, online classes as well, not from India, from other US-based as well. So, I just wanted to let you know that, like, its sessions are really good.
Renjan Bhasi: So, since I already have some background, like, you know, some preliminary, the basic
Renjan Bhasi: Deep learning and, the models,
Renjan Bhasi: And, some of those classes I attended, and even the preliminary classes, so that is making it a little easier to, you know, follow as well. Looking forward to see the rest of the GenAI topics from you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, sure, sure, definitely. Thank you so much.
Renjan Bhasi: Yeah, thank you.
Renjan Bhasi: Thank you, Jim.
Ruchi S: Yeah, it's funny, Ann.
Narendra Chundi: Hi, Sunny, can I go ahead?
Sunny Savita: No, wait, Ruchi… wait, Ruchi, I think you disconnected, I am promoting you as a panelist. Yeah, Narend, tell me, what's your doubt?
Narendra Chundi: Yeah, firstly, thanks for your wonderful sessions, Sunny. My first question is, when coming to embeddings, we have two varieties, right? One is classic, and the other one is, soda.
Narendra Chundi: So, whatever the models that we, are using from OpenAI, Germany, and, some of that, so, are all those, comes under this SOTA category embedding? Is my way of understanding?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, the SOT target category.
Sunny Savita: Yes, your understanding is correct, sir.
Narendra Chundi: So, so, so, so, so, SOTA, yes, it is a naming convention given to the embedding models that were developed by a few other communities, right?
Sunny Savita: SOTA means state of art, matlab, latest model, or joki api nahi model. Joki nahi technology per dependent.
Narendra Chundi: No, no, no. Can you repeat it in English? I'm weak in understanding Hindi.
Sunny Savita: SOTA… what is the meaning of SOTA? Sota means state of art. That means.
Narendra Chundi: Right, good.
Sunny Savita: The model, which is based on the latest technology.
Narendra Chundi: Okay, okay. So, so upcoming models are all, I can say that, there are upcoming models, those who are developing, those are all, based on this SOTA?
Sunny Savita: See, a SOTA is not a technology, it's just a naming convention, that's it, okay.
Narendra Chundi: Okay, okay, okay.
Narendra Chundi: Okay, okay. One more thing, one more thing, here, first we import, we connect, to the Gemini, with the help of, our case, right? So, when we try to execute this one, documents or query, we are trying to execute something, right? That time, the execution part, where it is happening, it is happening,
Narendra Chundi: Just we are importing the model, and where execution is exactly happening, the memory allocation, and where it is fetching, something like that.
Sunny Savita: In terms of the model execution you were asking?
Narendra Chundi: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: So, as of now, we are just simply loading the model using the API key, okay? We are giving the API key, we're loading that model, and we are executing that. So…
Narendra Chundi: In our mission, in our personal missions, right?
Sunny Savita: In our personal machine, actually. Means, the model is hosted somewhere, they have given us the SDK, so we are making a connectivity with that server, using the API key, and then we are able to load the model and all in our local system, that's it.
Narendra Chundi: Okay, okay, okay.
Narendra Chundi: So, so, so, whatever we gave, right, reduces the hard disks, we gave four, sentences, so, those four, we,
Narendra Chundi: it might be… okay, the model might be trained in the Google Gemini, but whatever we are giving the query, the one sentence, and the four document sentences, those will be compiled… those will be, the execution happening at our end.
Sunny Savita: No, those is going… those is going to that server where the model has been hosted, actually.
Narendra Chundi: Okay, okay, okay, okay. So, they are ex… I mean, at their server, it is executing, and it is returning the results, just like, calling, just giving an… taking it, right?
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. Some HTTP have been written in a backend, I think so, just to connect with some server. Okay.
Narendra Chundi: Oh, okay, okay, okay, got it, got it. Oh, one more thing. You pasted one screenshot, right? The transformation. Will you be explaining that tomorrow, or did we totally skip.
Sunny Savita: That architecture is pending one. We'll discuss that, sir, okay?
Narendra Chundi: Okay, one more, one more thing. Coming to GitHub, GitHub, I installed… I mean, I'm new to this, and I don't know whether this is a challenge question or not.
Narendra Chundi: Let me quickly share my screen, just…
Sunny Savita: Just a second. First, Rochi shared the screen.
Narendra Chundi: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Can you share the screen?
Ruchi S: Yeah, Sunny, actually, that thing which I was struggling initially, I think that.
Ruchi S: That got sorted. One second, I'll just…
Ruchi S: This demo will make it better. Is it visible? The screen? No.
Ruchi S: Not yet.
Sunny Savita: No, share the screen.
Ruchi S: I'm sick of it.
Ruchi S: It's visible now, right?
Ruchi S: So, that one got sorted, like, I changed a little bit of the code. I mean, I think it just took this, but it wasn't taking that format, or it was taking this format.
Ruchi S: But the initial, with the environment, that code wasn't taken. But my doubt is, like, the ones that we use, the clip processor and the clip model.
Ruchi S: So, I just understood that clip processor is basically converting the, image to a pixel form, correct?
Ruchi S: Then why are we using clip model? Like, it's getting the embedding, so isn't the, numbers which are there at the end, which is… which…
Sunny Savita: Pixel is different, and embedding are different, ma'am, okay? Pixel is just a mathematical representation of image.
Sunny Savita: Okay, image at the end is a pixel. PNG, we cannot pass PNG file to any model, right?
Ruchi S: Yeah, correct.
Sunny Savita: We will pass the pixel value only. So, first preprocess will pixel. Like, we are going to be using the tokenizer in the upcoming classes, when we will use any LLM model. So, tokenizer will convert the data into the tokens. That tokens will be passed to any model, similar to that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we are going to convert our picture, PNG file, into the pixel. That pixel is being passed to the model, okay?
Ruchi S: Okay.
Ruchi S: Okay, and, I have been struggling with one thing from, like, from past 4-5 days. So whenever I try to pass this, Google API key, so initially I was only getting, like, AQ.something, like, whenever I used to create this key on the AI Studio.
Ruchi S: But, like, today I was able to create with ALZ, I don't know how it just came, and that one is working, but whenever it goes, like, AQ.something, it doesn't work. I have to, like, put it hard-codedly into the, like, the Jupyter notebook itself.
Ruchi S: And then my entire Jupyter notebook just got, like, messed up, because I tried… I didn't realize I just committed the code in the Git.
Ruchi S: And everything was, like, it was super, like, crazy. So, is there a thinky aq.pala jo hai, it doesn't work, and it has to always start with that ALZ or something?
Ruchi S: like, this is what Claude said as, like, bohot research ka, but this was…
Sunny Savita: It might be, ma'am, but I haven't faced such issue, so I cannot say you that directly.
Sunny Savita: Show me that whenever you're facing the street, okay? Just keep the screenshot and show me, got it?
Ruchi S: Okay. Or, the thing that you gave last time, Key, you know, just add more stories, add more data, and just explore yourself, so I tried exploring myself.
Ruchi S: So I had this one doubt, kiosme, agar mujit do the words, like, dine, like, I wanna put…
Ruchi S: My vocabulary as 2 words, or three words vocabulary, not a single, single word.
Sunny Savita: You cannot give that, ma'am. Invert 2 back many desacte, ma'am, okay?
Ruchi S: Okay, tokoi oar tarika hai to do this.
Sunny Savita: No, ma'am, latest model here, na, latest state of art model to the Kayaus maker sagtivapa.
Ruchi S: mehamsan.
Sunny Savita: What 2 backman acre? Okay.
Ruchi S: Okay. And, muji email ID aapkine batay, kyah hai.
Ruchi S: And beautiful.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure, I'll ping in the chat, ma'am. Okay, wait.
Ruchi S: And is there a, timing? Just may have to respond, Katu, like, something? Because maybe Bohat…
Sunny Savita: Get a mail between Monday to Friday, maybe in evening you can put, I'll check, okay?
Ruchi S: Okay. And, do no grad, no underscore grad use kyata, TensorFlow me. What does it do? It basically, like, wokes, I don't know, I didn't use Tensor library much.
Sunny Savita: That's a different map, means if you wanted to code everything from scratch, any transform model, any NLM model, then you require those libraries.
Ruchi S: Okay, but, what does, like, this… what is the significance of this? What does it do?
Sunny Savita: No grade means you are not going to be perform the training of that model, you are just doing an inferencing using that model, that's it.
Ruchi S: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So you are… it is setting that flag, actually.
Ruchi S: And last question, like, do we have any BS extensions, Johan use kar sakhan to complete our code?
Sunny Savita: Just check out my YouTube video, I think I uploaded one YouTube video about the VSX.
Ruchi S: I think you said about IntelliSense and kite, but don'ohi available nahya.
Sunny Savita: Just, just check, ma'am, those videos. I've shown 25 extension over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just check out over there, you will get… got it?
Ruchi S: Okay, okay.
Ruchi S: Yeah, that's all from my side. Thank you, Sunny.
Pranabandhu Sahu: I ain't…
Sunny Savita: Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Narend, please share the screen.
Narendra Chundi: Yes.
Narendra Chundi: Hope you're able to see my screens.
Narendra Chundi: Yes, Ann, are you able to see my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can see.
Narendra Chundi: Yeah, very fast, I, I cloned your repository with this command, just git clone in its location.
Narendra Chundi: How to update, with the latest ones? I tried Fetch, it did not work. I don't know if I'm doing it correctly or not. Can you advise?
Sunny Savita: Just write the git pull, you will get that, okay?
Narendra Chundi: Okay, pull.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, only git pull, remove this, what, why you are pasting all this thing?
Sunny Savita: Just write git pool, you will get all the thing, okay? See, you got the changes now here, got it?
Narendra Chundi: No, second.
Narendra Chundi: This is where, this is where I'm getting, I mean… It is configured.
Narendra Chundi: Class 8, I did not get it.
Sunny Savita: What is the location? Show me the location, open the terminal.
Narendra Chundi: Mentor notes.
Sunny Savita: model.master notes.
Narendra Chundi: Wow.
Sunny Savita: Mentor Notes. Open this Mentor Notes.
Sunny Savita: You got na, there.
Sunny Savita: Closet.
Narendra Chundi: Oh, okay, okay, great, okay. Yeah, got it, got it. Yeah, yeah, thank you, sir. Thank you, really appreciate it.
Sunny Savita: Good, thank you. Yeah, Prabh… Pranav, right?
Pranabandhu Sahu: Yeah, hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Please tell me.
Pranabandhu Sahu: Thanks for the session. Actually, I just have a small doubt, you know, on the embedding, right? In what to wake, we had, use the Google, GenC model, right? And here we are using.
Sunny Savita: Jim.
Pranabandhu Sahu: And all. So, understand that, these water models are based on… on the transformer models, transformer architecture, but on the working-wise, right, how does it differ? I mean.
Pranabandhu Sahu: Based on insight only, we can give, only a single word, right? But we can give…
Pranabandhu Sahu: multiple vouchers intents in the transformer models, but is there any other way, I mean, that, okay, we should use only these models, or any other difference that how architecture-wise, or… that's what I'm just trying to know, Shenny.
Pranabandhu Sahu: Yeah, I hope you got my question.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we'll understand that architecture level, okay? Tomorrow, maybe after that, you will… your understanding will be clear, okay? Got it?
Pranabandhu Sahu: Okay, okay, and one with the last thing, I mean, is there a sequence that, you know, the question, I mean, you were giving on muting? Because I've been waiting for almost one and a half, hours with the sequence of that?
Sunny Savita: No, sir, it's not like this. Just raise the hand, you will get a chance, okay? If you have in a hurry, if you are in a hurry, just let me know in the chat. I'll give you priority, okay?
Pranabandhu Sahu: Ari, I thought, you know, there's a sequence, because I raised, you know, before…
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, sir, no. If it could be there, I could have told you earlier only, so there is no any sequence like that, okay?
Pranabandhu Sahu: Okay, okay. Okay, thanks, Jenny, thanks for delivering that.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir, thank you. Now, next out.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Right.
Sunny Savita: Yes, so… Pradeephatia, please go.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Yeah, yeah, hi San. So actually, I have one doubt. I know, like, we are going to study, this about RAG,
Prabhdeep Bhatia: The next, prepping session. But, like, I was doing some POC, and, I got a bit confused about it. I just wanted to clear my doubt, like, they, in the rag.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: We are saving everything, in vector database according to the semantic meaning of, semantic, expressions of that particular sentence.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: So, my question is, like, like, if there is a huge chunk of document, and the meaning of, like, quite a few sentences, like, are similar.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: They will be, like, stored in a similar, vector, space sort of thing.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: And, I just wanted to know… I just wanted to know, like, will this be, like, creating hallucinating… will this be create any, creating any hallucinations or something like that? Like, what I'm doing is, right now, is I'm creating a POC where, I'm processing
Prabhdeep Bhatia: write multiple documents, and these documents can have similar meanings of,
Prabhdeep Bhatia: like, in multiple times. And I… I want to extract, like, top 5 semantic, meanings of, top 5 semantic meanings.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: So, I just wanted to know that, like.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: If these are, these semantic meanings are fluttered, like, like, many are fluttered, like, when…
Prabhdeep Bhatia: on another, how will this, how can I refine this? Do I increase the dimensions, or do I,
Prabhdeep Bhatia: like, what process should I do?
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Are you getting my question?
Sunny Savita: You are saying you wanted to correct your retrieval process, is it?
Prabhdeep Bhatia: I wanted to know, like, like, if there are many documents in the, like, one small vector space, how will I improve the, yeah, retrieval thing?
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Like, they… if there are many, like, if the dimension is quite low, and there are many documents, then these old documents would be stored in one particular dimension.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: So, increasing the dimension, will it, help me, or, will I have the same problem, or is there some other.
Sunny Savita: No, no, sir, see, you are in confusion, actually. Document will be uploaded in the same dimension, that is a, like, see, it will be uploaded in the same dimension, but it is not going to be created as any hallucination.
Sunny Savita: So here, maybe you have to correct your retrieval pipeline. So, you can use some MMR kind of technique, maximum marginal retriever kind of technique. It is an advanced version of the cosine similarity, basically.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Yeah, I'm using, some batteries.
Sunny Savita: Cement, similar meaning sentence, if it is coming in a same cluster, this is the correct behavior.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Okay.
Sunny Savita: But embedding similarity is not equal to hallucination.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, when hallucination happens, hallucination happens, actually, whenever we are generating a wrong information from the LLM, or we are giving a missing or the inappropriate context to the LLM, okay?
Sunny Savita: Emitting a karm ka hai, emitting a calm SRI for self, retrieve karna, not generate anything.
Sunny Savita: Right? So what is your actual problem?
Sunny Savita: Actual problem is, bows are a similar sentence, cluster me a hain.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, what you have to do, you have to reduce the redundancy, actually.
Sunny Savita: Alright?
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Okay.
Sunny Savita: aapko redundancy ko reduce karna hai. Toh scale, re-ranking je se methods, re-ranking ye concepts ko sum jo, aapki hybrid search ko sum jo, aap maximum marginal retrieval ko sum jo.
Sunny Savita: redundancy ko come kar sakte ho.
Sunny Savita: Maximum marginal retrieval meini use kya huai, isme kia hota relevancy pela diversity donking ko samjo cross encoder, re-ranker model ka kaya sare, toh insap se aapkas, issue shortout hojay ka.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Okay.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Yeah, I was following your, and Krishnak's both the, that…
Prabhdeep Bhatia: videos, and, yes, I was, I got confused a bit, and that's why I thought he, yeah, I picked me a rigmat Alip, yeah.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: to be.
Sunny Savita: Many, it's a good thing, sir, you discussed that, but again, you just need to focus on the, the, basically, retrieval side, where you are just going to reduce the redundancy, so use the re-ranking or the MMR kind of technique, it will help you a lot, okay?
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Okay.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Okay, thank you, and just before, like, we leave, I think, may I post to Shkar Rata that, I wasn't able to access the free models, and then you said, check the documentations.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: And then you again asked clear who are your name? And I said, no, no, Mujan name Mila, but you thought that, it was for your concept,
Prabhdeep Bhatia: question, like, clear why a name. Yes, I got everything, I am able to understand everything. It's just that us time confusion over here. No, it's just not…
Sunny Savita: Oh. Okay, okay, no worries.
Sunny Savita: It's fine.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: No.
Sunny Savita: Okay, don't worry.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just wanted to, like, clear it out.
Prabhdeep Bhatia: Thank you.
vishnuvardhan kandati: Hi, Santa.
Sunny Savita: think…
vishnuvardhan kandati: Hello?
vishnuvardhan kandati: Hello? Hi, Sunny.
vishnuvardhan kandati: Hi, Sunni, am I audible?
Sunny Savita: Yes, sir, you're audible. Please go ahead.
vishnuvardhan kandati: Yeah, I have, two things, Sunny. One is, like, I recently accepted an offer on Gen AI Space, so I'm new to this field. I need some, job support for a few months. Is there any help that I can get, from any team from you or, someone?
Sunny Savita: Yes, sir, job support-wise, you can discuss with me only, so we can discuss it later on after some classes, okay?
vishnuvardhan kandati: Yeah, sure. I have to start, I mean, from Monday, my new job. So, is it, like, a phone number or anything I can reach you on a personal note, I can text you my phone number to you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, just write me on mail ID, I'll help you over there, okay?
vishnuvardhan kandati: Sure, yeah, I can send you over the email. Thank you, Mel. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I'll, take, if any more doubt is there, we'll discuss tomorrow.
Sunny Savita: So, thank you guys, bye, take care, have a great night ahead. Thank you, good night, bye.